id : 15970
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Navy Blue Shirt

id : 1855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Chain Reaction T-shirt

id : 18653
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Cush Flex Black Slippers

id : 12369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 17429
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men Black Digital Watch G-7710-1DR G223

id : 12967
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Spry M Black Sandals

id : 13089
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Lfc Auth Hood Grey Sweatshirts

id : 18461
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Deodorant
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : David Beckham Signature Men Deos

id : 18839
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Black Belt

id : 18005
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Long Logo Black Bermuda

id : 17871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Maroon Brief

id : 10268
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Hang Work Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 11188
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Dial steel finish strap Silver Watches

id : 10866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Motor Rider Red T-Shirts

id : 15528
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Scribble Black Tshirts

id : 18237
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Red Tshirt

id : 16957
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Sunglasses

id : 19123
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men XL Water Man Silver Slippers

id : 13419
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Pink Polo T-shirts

id : 17885
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 11940
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 19311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Rift MTR White Casual Shoe

id : 15984
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Yellow Shirt

id : 11518
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Gun Metal Grey Heels

id : 14856
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Beige Wallets

id : 13841
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Three Small Dials White Watches

id : 12993
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Adispeed Black Sports Shoes

id : 18495
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Fashion Cat White Slipper

id : 16392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Red Shirts

id : 17240
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Black  Polo Tshirt

id : 12732
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Swoosh Black Backpack

id : 18208
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid White Cap

id : 10065
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men ducati logo tee Yellow Tshirts

id : 10859
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Furious Rides Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 15517
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men LLandro Red Casual Shoes

id : 10257
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Type Black Trousers

id : 11385
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Sweatshirts

id : 18806
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Tan Belt

id : 17072
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Weaved  Grey Belt

id : 12500
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Short Black Shirts

id : 10633
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Formal Brown Formal Shoes

id : 15341
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Pink Shorts

id : 14293
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 17416
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Atlantica Black Sports Shoe

id : 12958
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sports Black Sports Shoes

id : 12164
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Dupatta
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Voile Orange Dupatta

id : 17624
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Navy Blue Track Pant

id : 13284
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Black Shorts

id : 10401
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Uaine Purple Tops

id : 16530
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 13042
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Brown Heels

id : 12190
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13270
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Printed White Tops

id : 18698
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Bikini Briefs

id : 11527
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Olive Tshirts

id : 14869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 15187
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid White Polo Tshirts

id : 14055
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Green Shirts

id : 11143
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Price Catch Black Shirts

id : 14431
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Black Flats

id : 11371
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Summer Black Shirts

id : 14603
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Grey Socks

id : 16154
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 17086
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip Orange Wallet

id : 13426
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Red  Polo T-shirts

id : 13846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 12994
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Boys Duramo Synthetic Black Sports Shoes

id : 16508
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 18492
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Danny Blue Slipper

id : 15983
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Burgundy
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men  Burgundy Shirt

id : 14851
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Coffee Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Coffee Brown Wallets

id : 13248
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Solid Brown Trousers

id : 14409
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual White Heels

id : 11947
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Olive Sandals

id : 19316
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Hayward 25M Grey Backpack

id : 19124
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Women XL Kelly Pink Slippers

id : 16950
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Sunglasses

id : 17882
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style White Innerwear Vest

id : 11349
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 10861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Dirt Riders White T-Shirts

id : 17278
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed  Steeple Grey Tshirt

id : 18230
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 16198
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Poly Knitted Black Tracksuit

id : 12538
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Blue Track Pants

id : 17876
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 18002
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Essential Skinny Black 3/4 Pant

id : 1638
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Swimwear
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nabaiji Swimming Goggles Blue Black

id : 12960
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sports White Sports Shoes

id : 18466
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reebounce Women Perfumes

id : 15379
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Lobato Black Casual Shoes

id : 15977
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Red Shirt

id : 10439
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Walnut Brown Tshirts

id : 14099
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid Pink Tops

id : 1852
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Ride It Or Die T-shirt

id : 11376
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Grey Tops

id : 14604
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Green Socks

id : 16153
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 17081
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Denim Blue Wallet

id : 13421
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Black Polo T-shirts

id : 16361
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Maroon Shirt

id : 19329
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Standpunkt Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13613
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Sleeveless V Neck Red Innerwear T-shirt

id : 10096
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Reeflex Run Blue Sports Shoes

id : 11144
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Price Catch Black Shirts

id : 11978
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FILA Men Aruba Navy Blue Sandal

id : 11520
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Denim Black Jeans

id : 14052
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid White Shirts

id : 11712
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 13879
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 16537
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Blue Cap

id : 13045
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Maroon Sandals

id : 12197
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Orange Polo T-shirt

id : 17623
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Track Pant

id : 13283
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Blue Shirts

id : 15948
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Burgundy
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Stripes Burgundy Ties

id : 10406
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Dresses

id : 15174
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Yellow Polo T-shirt

id : 10634
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Black Oxford Wingtip Brogues

id : 15346
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Special Edition 3 Star Beed Black Tshirts

id : 14294
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Black Tshirts

id : 17411
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Basketball Mid White Sports Shoe

id : 18459
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Deodorant
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : David Beckham Intimately Men Deos

id : 12163
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Purple Leggings

id : 10250
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hahk Brown Handbags

id : 1607
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men trackpant- male Track Pants

id : 11382
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Grey T-Shirts

id : 15722
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarswift+ 3 Shield Grey Sports Shoes

id : 17075
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Weaved  Navy Blue Belt

id : 18801
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Brown Belt

id : 12507
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 17849
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women This & That Grey Tshirt

id : 16395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Black Shirts

id : 17247
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 12735
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex U Black Caps

id : 10062
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Puma runhard tee Grey Tshirts

id : 15510
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men CV Toe HI Charcoal Casual Shoes

id : 16368
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Charcoal Trouser

id : 19320
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Classic Turf Pink Backpack

id : 11971
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Glow White Sports Shoes

id : 17088
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower LT.Brown Wallet

id : 13428
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 19112
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid Tshirts

id : 16966
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Sprintfit Lite Black Sports Shoe

id : 13870
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Beige Shirts

id : 18696
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Bikini Briefs

id : 14867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 11529
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Heavy Winter Grey Sweaters

id : 1890
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Essentials Red T-shirt

id : 15189
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Green Polo Tshirts

id : 12956
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sports Blue Sports Shoes

id : 17418
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Men Black Analogue Watch BS112 

id : 13884
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 18450
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Life Love & Luck by Christian Audigier for Women Perfume

id : 12358
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Cream Shirts

id : 14893
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Travel Accessory
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Bags

id : 15941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Black Belts

id : 18206
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Black Cap

id : 11985
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Glow Black Sports Shoes

id : 15519
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Jelba Brown Flip Flops

id : 10857
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Rider Striper Polo White T-Shirts

id : 10259
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Reglur Black Trousers

id : 18808
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Navy Blue Belt

id : 17840
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Quick Handle Red Sports Shoe

id : 18034
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Beige Handbag

id : 16992
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Dizzy  Black Belt

id : 14858
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Wallets

id : 11516
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Black Heels

id : 14064
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Pack of 2 Stripes Red Blue Tshirts

id : 16733
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Earth Black Slipper

id : 12393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Black Socks

id : 13241
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid White Jackets

id : 16501
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Brown TShirt

id : 13073
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Shoes

id : 11724
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Check Red Shirts

id : 15384
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Filac Men Hawai Black Slippers

id : 16165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13417
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 16959
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 11340
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 10292
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Brown Leather Heels

id : 14632
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Green Mufflers

id : 11172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Red Sweaters

id : 17285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Black  polo Tshirt

id : 16357
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 17043
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Skate 003 Casual Shoe

id : 18837
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Brown Belt

id : 16191
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic White TShirt

id : 12531
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Solid Pink Sweatshirts

id : 10266
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Goto Hi Cola Suede Brown Shoes

id : 15714
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Free Run+ 2 Black Sports Shoes

id : 10054
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Kids Kkr Boy's Premium Blue Jerseys

id : 15526
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Women Jeanie Oneband Brown Flats

id : 17271
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes DK.Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 12703
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Downshifter White Sports Shoes

id : 10430
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Blue Shirts

id : 14090
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 17615
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boys living Upto White Tshirt

id : 12367
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men White Shirt

id : 12969
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Snova Glide Blue Sports Shoes

id : 17427
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men White Analogue & Digital Watch G274

id : 12155
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Beige Leggings

id : 13087
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 10602
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Red Jerseys

id : 15370
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid Pink Sweatshirts

id : 1609
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Boat-Neck Wildberry Sweatshirt

id : 18033
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Brown Handbag

id : 17847
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Impetus II White Sports Shoe

id : 16995
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Black Sandal

id : 12509
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17249
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Limoges Blue Tshirt

id : 18201
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Olive Jacket

id : 10850
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Famous Filafil Blue T-Shirts

id : 18665
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Syncro White Shoes

id : 10408
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Tops

id : 14894
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Travel Accessory
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Bags

id : 15946
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Solid Black Ties

id : 1863
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Night Wolf T-shirt

id : 15348
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Special Edition 3 Star Polo Black Tshirts

id : 12951
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13883
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 18457
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nautica Blue Men Perfumes

id : 18691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Modern Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Trunks

id : 14860
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Charcoal Wallets

id : 1897
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FIFA Men Germany Blue Jersey

id : 16539
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 13877
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Solid Maroon Shirts

id : 12199
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Polo T-shirt

id : 11378
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer White Shirts

id : 16961
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Sunglasses

id : 19115
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid Tshirts

id : 19327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Solid Blue Sweatshirt

id : 10098
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Analogue Plastic White Watch

id : 11976
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Paramount Plus Black Shoes

id : 14438
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Yellow Heels

id : 17420
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Men Black Dial Analogue Watch A479

id : 12152
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Purple Kurti

id : 18468
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reelive Women Perfumes

id : 13080
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 10605
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Houston Funny Pink Watches

id : 15377
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Lobato Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 10437
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men HS Green Shirts

id : 14097
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 15145
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Printed Navy Blue Shirts

id : 17612
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Cute Girls  Grey Tshirt

id : 12360
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 10053
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini And Jony Vini Romper Pink T-Shirts

id : 15521
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Jelbalp Black Flip Flops

id : 17276
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Mustard
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Mustard Tshirt

id : 12704
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Relentness Grey Sports Shoes

id : 18830
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Black Belt

id : 17044
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Aventura Sandal

id : 16196
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Red Jackets

id : 17878
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Maroon Innerwear Vest

id : 12536
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Solid Black Sweatshirts

id : 1636
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Zoom Century Shoes

id : 10261
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Slim Brown Trousers

id : 15713
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Relentless Black Sports Shoes

id : 11175
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes White Sweaters

id : 11949
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17282
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 16350
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Cream Shirt

id : 19318
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Classic Base Blue Backpack

id : 16162
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Sandals

id : 13410
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 11347
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Elvira Rinse Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 10295
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Brown Leather Casual Shoes

id : 14635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Mufflers

id : 16506
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13848
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 13074
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11511
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Gold Toned Ballerinas

id : 14063
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 16734
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Emeriti Maroon Slipper

id : 12394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Black Socks

id : 13246
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16794
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 17646
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Green Flip Flops

id : 1808
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Water Bottle
articleType : Water Bottle
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Aluminium Print Water Bottle

id : 15111
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Coffee Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Coffee Brown Trousers

id : 10463
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 15323
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Grey Jacket

id : 11783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 12106
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtis

id : 15747
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Ballista SL White Sports Shoes

id : 14695
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Trousers

id : 10235
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Hexagaon Dial Black Watches

id : 1662
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Blue Windrunner Jacket

id : 18058
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Purple Wallet

id : 17010
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Brown Heels

id : 18864
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sports Division Black Sweatshirt

id : 13682
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Duramo 3 Sports Shoes

id : 12750
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Swoosh Black Backpacks

id : 17222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 15575
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Best Friends Group TShirt

id : 10007
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Trophy Swo White T-Shirts

id : 14661
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Navy Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13444
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Yellow Tops

id : 18890
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Tyra Purple Shirt

id : 16136
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Blue Top

id : 13676
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Titan Sports Shoes

id : 15581
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Purple Polo T-shirt

id : 14453
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Black Flats

id : 11121
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Minicats Knit Blue Cap

id : 13212
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Women Gel Spree Running Grey Sports Shoes

id : 16760
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Leatherette  Black Handbags

id : 14037
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 10497
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS White Tshirts

id : 11545
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 11777
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 16552
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Printed Polo T-shirt

id : 14498
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 10804
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Rider Solid White Shirts

id : 18255
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Multi Coloured Kurta

id : 19387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Dumont Beige Sports Shoes

id : 17813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Brown Casual Shoe

id : 15778
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Grey Briefs

id : 12139
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Purple Kurtas

id : 18403
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Tone-Ups Black Shoe

id : 12905
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Casual Purple Casual Shoes

id : 15912
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black Coffee Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 18631
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men GP Speed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 17679
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Buckel Pink Flats

id : 14008
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 14834
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belts

id : 11922
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 13649
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Black Hydroterra Shandal Casual Shoes

id : 19141
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Revorb Black Sandals

id : 16109
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 11770
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 13027
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Gold Flats

id : 16555
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Navy Printed Polo T-shirt

id : 13215
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel Enduro 7 Running Silver Sports Shoes

id : 16767
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Spacious Brown Handbag

id : 14030
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Printed White Tshirts

id : 10490
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men HS Blue Shirts

id : 11542
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed  Beige Kurtas

id : 18299
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Zeenat Black Kurta

id : 13671
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Kids Blue Solid Jean

id : 16303
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 15586
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Green Printed Sweatshirt

id : 14454
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Taupe
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Taupe Casual Heels

id : 11126
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid Blue Track Pants

id : 14666
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13443
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid White Tops

id : 12591
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 18897
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Solid Green Dress

id : 16131
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Red T-shirt

id : 13685
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Dash Casual Shoes

id : 12757
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Printed Blue T-Shirts

id : 17225
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 15572
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Warrior Bheem TShirt

id : 10000
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Girls Sp Jace Sko White Skirts

id : 15740
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Air Relentless Grey Sports Shoes

id : 18863
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heritage Red Sweatshirt

id : 17017
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Brown Sandal

id : 15324
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed White Sweatshirts

id : 10656
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Little frock Pink Tops

id : 11784
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid Black Tshirts

id : 12101
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 12333
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Ep Jeans Blue Jeans

id : 18609
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Red Tshirt

id : 16793
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 17641
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Headband
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Cat White Headband

id : 15116
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men TR Finish Grey Trousers

id : 10464
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Mauvemist Pink Tshirts

id : 16932
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Off White Polo Tshirt

id : 19146
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Sweatshirt

id : 14659
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid LT.Khaki Trousers

id : 11925
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Tone Black Sandals

id : 11119
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid White Shirts

id : 14833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Belts

id : 16758
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Double Handle Shimmer Handbags

id : 13018
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Flats

id : 13824
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men White & Maroon Colourblocked Beanie

id : 15129
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid DK.Grey Trousers

id : 15915
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black Coffee Men Check Purple Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11589
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Red Kurta

id : 18636
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men V.11 Speed  White Tshirts

id : 18404
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men USA Brown Shoe

id : 12902
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Cabana Racer SL Black Casual Shoes

id : 10669
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Road Trip Grey Tshirts

id : 17814
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Black Casual Shoe

id : 17028
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : GAS Men Grey Pine Flip Flops

id : 10803
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Dodge Broad Accent Check White Shirts

id : 19380
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Boxers
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Grey Boxers 1017

id : 12768
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Plain Mangalgiri Green Tunics

id : 14462
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Gold Peep Toes

id : 11110
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check White Shirts

id : 12795
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Brazil Yellow Tshirts

id : 16335
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 13475
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2014.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Brown Flats

id : 16107
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 14650
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Face Print Blue Tshirts

id : 15782
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Navy Blue String Bikini Briefs

id : 11746
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Yellow Polo T-shirt

id : 10694
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Be Born Pink Tops

id : 14006
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Jerseys

id : 11574
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Grey Kurtas

id : 13223
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Washed Blue Shorts

id : 17683
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Ballerina Black Casual Shoe

id : 16751
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Copper Leartherite Multi Clutch

id : 12137
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 17445
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Men Black Analogue Watches (BS063) BEM-501L-1AVDF

id : 15312
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Neo Feather Blue Sandals

id : 10660
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Hot shorts ice wash Blue Shorts

id : 15120
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Wooltouch Charcoal Trousers

id : 11580
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 10452
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men HS Grey Tshirts

id : 12305
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 17677
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Weaved Strap Tan Flats

id : 14496
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 15544
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Heels

id : 19389
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 17213
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Purple Sunglasses

id : 13481
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Black Flats

id : 18855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Athletic Stellar Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 17021
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Black Sandal

id : 15776
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BF Blue Briefs

id : 1653
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men's Ventilator Ubiq Shoe

id : 10204
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hahk Purple Handbags

id : 14039
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Green Shirts

id : 10499
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Aspen Yellow Tshirts

id : 14805
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 13812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Navy Striped Sweater

id : 12598
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 19170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Olive TShirt

id : 16138
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Grey Top

id : 19342
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Jacket

id : 13678
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Blazer Sports Shoes

id : 18290
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Shabarana Orange Kurta

id : 11913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 15749
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Navy Blue Trousers

id : 19184
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Red Check Shirt

id : 18056
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Brown Wallet

id : 17822
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Black Formal Shoe

id : 10835
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Black Polo Tshirts

id : 10009
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Town Round Red Neck T-Shirts

id : 18600
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Roque Grey Sandals

id : 17648
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Black Flip Flops

id : 1806
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Quechua Men Arpenaz Brown Sandal

id : 15923
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex ADP1810 Black Backpack

id : 18432
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Pink Daypack Backpack

id : 12108
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtis

id : 12934
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Rugby Scrum Blue Tshirts

id : 13486
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 17026
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Beach Flip Flops

id : 18852
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Head Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 15771
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BF Red Briefs

id : 10203
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hahk Red Handbags

id : 1654
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men's Frisker LP Shoe

id : 14491
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 15543
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Wedges

id : 10031
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Arsenal Co Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 12766
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripe Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 17214
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 15127
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid  Brown Trousers

id : 11587
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtis

id : 10455
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Mauvemist Purple Tshirts

id : 18638
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men V.11 Speed Black Tshirts

id : 17670
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Fancy Black Heels

id : 12130
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 17442
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Unisex Black Small Dial Analogue and Digital Watch

id : 15315
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Eqt Nitro Fashion Black Sports Shoes

id : 14001
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Jerseys

id : 11573
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 13224
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Blue Sweatshirts

id : 17684
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Ballerina Grey Casual Shoe

id : 13016
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Brown Wedges

id : 11741
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 10693
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Cute Purple Tops

id : 19148
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Navy Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 13472
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid White Dress

id : 16100
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Maroon Sunglasses

id : 14657
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid DK.Grey Trousers

id : 15785
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Black Briefs

id : 11117
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid Grey Shirts

id : 12792
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Manchester United Black Jersey

id : 13640
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Purple Flat Shoes

id : 16332
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Red Shirt

id : 10658
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Little frock White Tops

id : 18435
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Messenger Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Messenger Bag

id : 12933
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Broad Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 18607
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Antique Brown Wallet

id : 15118
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Black Trousers

id : 1801
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Women 10L Pink Bag

id : 15924
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Ecb Black Backpack

id : 12759
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 18263
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Nancy Yellow Kurta

id : 10832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men American Music Folk Green T-Shirts

id : 19183
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 17825
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Air Deschutz Black Sandal

id : 18051
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Black Wallet

id : 17019
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Brown Sandal

id : 19345
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid&Taylor Men Solid Brown Wallet

id : 18297
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Kaalki Multi Coloured Kurta

id : 11914
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2014.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 15588
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Striped Blue Shirt

id : 11128
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Men Solid Beige Track Pants

id : 14668
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 19177
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Navy Blue Shirt

id : 16903
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Dark Grey Sweatshirt

id : 18899
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Igor Maroon Top

id : 17489
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Women Beige Flats

id : 13815
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Pack of 3 Printed T-shirts

id : 16769
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Shimmer Silver Clutch

id : 14802
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Maroon Handbags

id : 12198
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Solid Purple Tshirts

id : 16538
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18690
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Pack of Three 100% Cotton Plain Bikini Briefs

id : 14861
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Purple Sunglasses

id : 19326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Solid Blue Sweatshirt

id : 11977
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Motor Sports Olive Sandals

id : 10099
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Analogue Grey Watches

id : 11379
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Winter Blue Top

id : 19114
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 T-Shirts

id : 16960
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 18200
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Stripes Red Sweater

id : 17248
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue  Polo Tshirt

id : 11983
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Dls Circuit 2 Black Sports Shoes

id : 10851
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Applique Polo Brown T-Shirts

id : 1608
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Track Pants Jet Black

id : 17846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Supergame Black Sports Shoe

id : 18032
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Beige Handbag

id : 12508
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16994
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Black Heels

id : 15349
gender : Men
masterCategory : Free Items
subCategory : Free Gifts
articleType : Free Gifts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Blue Team India Cricket Jersey

id : 18456
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nautica White Sail Men Perfumes

id : 12950
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13882
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 1862
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Urban Warfare T-shirt

id : 10409
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Green Polo Tshirts

id : 15947
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Stripes Maroon Ties

id : 13411
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 16163
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Tan Formal Shoes

id : 11346
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue Zed Fit Jeans

id : 10294
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Feeling Good Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 11948
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 11174
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Green Sweaters

id : 19319
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Casual Grey Backpack

id : 17283
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Brown Polo Tshirt

id : 16351
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Cream Shirt

id : 14062
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 11510
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Beige Flats

id : 12395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Blue Socks

id : 13247
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16735
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Emeriti Black Slipper

id : 13075
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Shoes

id : 16507
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13849
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check White Shirts

id : 15382
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Terra Navy Blue Slippers

id : 11722
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Red Shirts

id : 14096
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 15144
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Self-Stripes White Shirts

id : 10436
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Pink Polo Tshirts

id : 12361
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 17613
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boys Catch Me Red Tshirt

id : 12153
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Kurtas

id : 13081
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Casual Shoes

id : 18469
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reeplay Men Perfumes

id : 17421
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Men White Dial Analogue Watch A417

id : 15376
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Fila Boston White Sports Shoes

id : 10604
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Tennis Red Caps

id : 17879
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Green Innerwear Vest

id : 12537
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Grey Track Pants

id : 17045
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Aventura Sandal

id : 18831
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Brown Belt

id : 16197
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rugby Green TShirt

id : 10260
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Line Grey Trousers

id : 1637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men White Cricket Shoes

id : 15520
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men CV Wing Black Casual Shoes

id : 11180
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men White Dial Watch

id : 10052
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Trunk Black Shorts

id : 12705
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Courtballistic White Sports Shoes

id : 17277
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 1865
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Operation Kick

id : 14892
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Backpacks

id : 15940
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Belts

id : 18451
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Fragrance Gift Set
baseColour : Orange
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Marciano Women Fragrance Gift Set

id : 12957
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Grey Sports Shoes

id : 13885
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 17419
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Women Silver Analogue Watches (A378) LTP-2069D-1AVDF

id : 10258
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Line Navy Blue Trousers

id : 18035
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Red Handbag

id : 17841
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women City Court White Sports Shoe

id : 16993
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Silver
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Dizzy  Silver Belt

id : 18809
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Olive Belt

id : 18207
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Red Cap

id : 15518
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Slatkin Grey Casual Shoes

id : 10856
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Black Polo Tshirts

id : 13429
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 19113
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid Tshirts

id : 17089
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip Blue Wallet

id : 19321
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Solid Grey Sweatshirt

id : 16369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Grey Trouser

id : 11970
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Batman Men's Good Evil Grey T-shirt

id : 18697
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Bikini Briefs

id : 1891
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Essentials White T-shirt

id : 14866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Green Wallets

id : 13871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Beige Shirts

id : 15527
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Scribble White Tshirts

id : 10869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Fly The Wind White T-Shirts

id : 18238
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 12702
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Capri White Casual Shoes

id : 17270
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Black Polo Tshirt

id : 12530
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 18836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Classic Black Belt

id : 17042
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : GAS Men Grey Skate 002 Shoes

id : 16190
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Navy Blue Jackets

id : 15715
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Sweet Classic High Purple Casual Shoes

id : 10267
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Rocco Fuse Black Leather Black Casual Shoes

id : 12154
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Black Leggings

id : 13086
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Casual Gold Casual Shoes

id : 12968
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Allegra White Sports Shoes

id : 17426
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Edifice Men White Dial Watch ED309

id : 15371
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid Purple Sweatshirts

id : 10603
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Tennis Grey Caps

id : 14091
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid Peach Sweaters

id : 10431
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Grey Shirts

id : 17614
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boys Cycle Black Tshirt

id : 13072
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 15385
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Hawai Blue Flip Flops

id : 11725
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 14065
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes White Polo Tshirts

id : 14859
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Wallets

id : 11517
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle White Shoes

id : 12392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid  Navy Blue Socks

id : 13240
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid White Jackets

id : 16732
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Earth Brown Slipper

id : 14401
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Steelblue Heels

id : 11173
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Red Sweaters

id : 13624
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Shorts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Knitted Red Shorts

id : 17284
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Fedral Blue Polo  Tshirt

id : 13416
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Pink Shirts

id : 16958
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Sunglasses

id : 16164
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Sandals

id : 14633
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Green Tops

id : 11341
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Light Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 10293
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Unstructured Leather Brown Sandals

id : 12539
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Black Printed T-shirt

id : 18003
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Training Polo Blue Tshirt

id : 17877
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levisi Men Comfort Style Beige Innerwear Vest

id : 16199
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 18231
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 17279
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 1853
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Little Bit More T-shirt

id : 14098
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 15976
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Purple Shirt

id : 10438
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Midrise Blue Jeans

id : 18655
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Drop Needle Black Slippers

id : 18467
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reegame Men Perfumes

id : 12961
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 15378
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Coloda Grey Sports Shoes

id : 15982
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Grey Shirt

id : 14850
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 13249
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Solid Brown Trousers

id : 18493
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Duncan Multi Slipper

id : 13847
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed White Top

id : 16509
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 12995
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Kids Boys Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16951
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19125
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Women XL Kelly Blue Slippers

id : 17883
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Navy Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 11348
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Navy Blue Powell Fit Jeans

id : 14408
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Beige Flats

id : 11946
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 19317
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Casual Black Backpack

id : 15347
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Special Edition 3 Star Cricket Fan Black Tshirts

id : 14295
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 10635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Semi oxfords Black Casual Shoes

id : 18458
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Deodorant
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : David Beckham Instinct Men Deos

id : 12162
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Blue Leggings

id : 17410
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Atlantica White Sports Shoe

id : 13282
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Solid Black Capris

id : 12350
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Pink Striped Shirt

id : 15949
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Check Black Ties

id : 10407
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Shirts

id : 12734
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Samba Black Handbags

id : 16394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Blue  Shirts

id : 17246
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 15511
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Women Jeanie Thong Chain Pink Flats

id : 10063
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men spine tee Yellow Tshirts

id : 15723
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Ballista II White Sports Shoes

id : 11383
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Tops

id : 12506
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Brown Shoes

id : 17848
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Mind Your White Tshirt

id : 18800
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Navy Blue Backpack

id : 17074
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Brown Belt

id : 19328
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Maroon Sweatshirt

id : 16360
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Purple Shirt

id : 14437
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Silver Wedges

id : 11979
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Glam Black Casual Shoes

id : 10097
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Reeflex Run White Sports Shoes

id : 11145
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Bling Purple Shirts

id : 14605
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Socks

id : 11377
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer Pink Shirts

id : 13420
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Purple  polo T-shirts

id : 16152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 17080
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Turquoise Blue Wallet

id : 11713
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Check Green Tunics

id : 13044
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Wedges

id : 12196
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Polo T-shirt

id : 13878
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 16536
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Women Checked Orange & Red Cap

id : 16704
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men High Density Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 14053
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check  Blue Shirts

id : 11521
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Blue T-shirt

id : 11941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Tan Sandals

id : 19310
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarglide+ 3 White Sports Shoe

id : 16358
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes White Shirt

id : 19122
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men XL Water Man White Slippers

id : 16956
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13418
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Shirts

id : 18494
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Daemon White Sports Shoes

id : 13840
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Three Small Dials Black Watches

id : 12992
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Unisex HyperRun Silver Sports Shoes

id : 11519
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Bronze Brown Heels

id : 15985
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Green Shirt

id : 14857
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Olive Wallets

id : 18460
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Deodorant
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : David Beckham Signature Women Deos

id : 13088
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men NBA Bold Red T-shirts

id : 17428
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men Black Analogue-Digital Watch GA-100-1A2DR G271

id : 12966
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Snova Glide Grey Sports Shoes

id : 1854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Pencho T-shirt

id : 15971
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Green Shirt

id : 12368
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 10867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Navy Blue Tough Service Navy T-shirt

id : 15529
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jersey Polo Black Tshirts

id : 18236
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid White Tshirt

id : 17870
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Black Brief

id : 18004
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Speed Grapic tee Blue Tshirt

id : 18838
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Black Belt

id : 10269
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Silvi Spice Raspberry Leather Red Flats

id : 18699
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Bikini Briefs

id : 13271
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Gold Heels

id : 14054
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Red Shirts

id : 11526
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Tops

id : 14868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 11714
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Check Blue Shirts

id : 12191
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Brown Slim Fit Shirt

id : 14602
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Grey Socks

id : 11370
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Wintersweat Green Sweatshirts

id : 16969
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Coupe Black Sandal

id : 13427
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 16155
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 17087
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip Purple Wallet

id : 13615
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey V DuoDry Body Fit V-Neck T-shirt

id : 16367
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 14430
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 11142
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Blue Scarves

id : 15724
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Free Run+ 2 Shield Grey Sports Shoes

id : 10256
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Stripes Green Shirts

id : 11384
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men White & Red Check Shirt

id : 12501
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Short Green T-shirt

id : 17073
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Weaved  Brown Belt

id : 18807
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Off White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Off White Belt

id : 12733
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Pinkaland Pink Handbags

id : 18209
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Navy Blue Cap

id : 16393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Black Shirts

id : 17241
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Raspberry Wine Polo Tshirt

id : 10858
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Furious Rides White T-Shirts

id : 15516
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Altrezlp Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 10064
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men puma shield tee Yellow Tshirts

id : 13285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Black Shorts

id : 12357
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 17625
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Track Pant

id : 15172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Striped Brown T-shirt

id : 10400
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Flux Shadow  266 Black Watches

id : 15340
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Black Shorts

id : 10632
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Brown Shoes

id : 12165
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Dupatta
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Voile Navy Blue Dupatta

id : 17417
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Men Black Dial Analogue Watch A416

id : 12959
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sports Black Sports Shoes

id : 11740
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Grey T-shirt

id : 10692
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Casual Red Tshirts

id : 11572
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 14000
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Blue Jackets

id : 17685
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Assorted Multi Heels

id : 16757
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Beaded Bow Black Clutch

id : 13225
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Blue Sweatshirts

id : 11116
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid Grey Shirts

id : 16333
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Black Shirt

id : 12793
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Blue Grafitti Maroon Tshirts

id : 13641
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Navy Flats

id : 16101
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 19149
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Polo Tshirt

id : 13473
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women White Heels

id : 11324
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Smart Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Black and Brown Checked Trousers

id : 14656
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Funky Print White Tshirts

id : 15784
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Brown Comfort Briefs

id : 10030
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As See The Win Black T-Shirts

id : 14490
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 15542
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Multi Flats

id : 17215
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Purple Sunglasses

id : 17027
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 13487
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 10202
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Asjke Green Green Handbags

id : 15770
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Grey Briefs

id : 17443
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Unisex Black Dial Watch BS113 

id : 12131
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Purple Kurtas

id : 15314
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Ranger White Sports Shoes

id : 11586
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Beige Kurtas

id : 10454
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Gloden Haze Yellow Tshirts

id : 17671
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Fancy Beige Heels

id : 18639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men V.11 Cat Midnight Navy Tshirts

id : 12303
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check Red Shirts

id : 14669
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 18898
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Solid White Shirt

id : 16902
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes White Tshirt

id : 19176
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Black Shirt

id : 19344
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid&Taylor Men Solid Black Wallet

id : 18296
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Ekta Pink Kurta

id : 11129
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Men Solid Blue Track Pants

id : 11915
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2014.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 16768
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Black Handbag

id : 14803
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 13814
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Pack of 3 Printed T-shirts

id : 13028
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Heels

id : 18606
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Leather Brown Belt

id : 15925
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex AL Black Backpack

id : 15119
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Grey Trousers

id : 1800
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Unisex Black Solid Backpack

id : 12932
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Insignia Pink Tshirts

id : 18434
gender : Women
masterCategory : Free Items
subCategory : Free Gifts
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Women Purple Laptop Bag

id : 17018
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual yellow Sandal

id : 19182
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Maroon Check Shirt

id : 18050
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Brown Wallet

id : 17824
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Air Deschutz Black Sandal

id : 12758
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 18262
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Himani Brown Kurta

id : 10833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Rope Embro Polo Red T-Shirt

id : 11581
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Yellow Kurtas

id : 10453
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Gloden Haze Yellow Tshirts

id : 15121
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Autoflex Charcoal Trousers

id : 17676
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Weaved Strap Black Flats

id : 12304
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Red Shirts

id : 17444
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Men Silver-Toned Dial Chronograph Watch BS062

id : 12136
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Black Kurtas

id : 10661
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Hot  Ice Wash Blue Shorts

id : 15313
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Aerostar White Sports Shoes

id : 17020
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Tan Sandal

id : 18854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Athletic White Polo Tshirt

id : 13480
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Black Flats

id : 10205
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Rubena Brown Handbags

id : 15777
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Stringz Red Briefs

id : 10037
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Premier ultra 8 U-form Silver Sports Shoes

id : 14497
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 15545
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Flats

id : 17212
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19388
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Green South Africa Cricket Jersey

id : 12760
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Blue Washed Jeans

id : 16106
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13474
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Gold Toned Flats

id : 11323
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 14651
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Punk Green Tshirts

id : 15783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Brown Briefs

id : 11111
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check White Shirts

id : 16334
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Peach Shirt

id : 12794
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women White Print Pink Tshirts

id : 13646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Casual Beige Casual Shoes

id : 11575
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 14007
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 17682
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Closed Blue Casual Shoe

id : 16750
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Gun Metal Leatherette Metallic Clutch

id : 13222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Washed Blue Shorts

id : 18265
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Swara Pink Kurta

id : 10008
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Town Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 10834
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 15748
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Black Trousers

id : 19185
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 17823
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men  Court Majestic White Casual Shoe

id : 18057
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Purple Wallet

id : 12935
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Classic Stripes  Turquoise Blue Tshirts

id : 18433
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Daypack Brown Backpack

id : 12109
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtis

id : 17649
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Casual Green Slipper

id : 18601
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Roque Sandals

id : 15922
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex ADP1810 Brown Backpack

id : 1807
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Quechua Men G1 Techfresh Red T-shirt

id : 11778
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Solid Grey Tshirts

id : 13813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Navy Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 14804
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 10498
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN Blue Tops

id : 14038
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Red Shirts

id : 19343
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid&Taylor Men Solid Black Wallet

id : 18291
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Shabana Multi Kurta

id : 13679
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Court Switch Sports Shoes

id : 11912
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Maroon Sandals

id : 16139
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed White Top

id : 19171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Grey Sweatshirt

id : 12599
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Green Tshirts

id : 16905
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Green Sweatshirt

id : 15741
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarglide + Shield Grey Sports Shoes

id : 14693
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Trousers

id : 17016
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual White Sandal

id : 18862
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graffiti Navy Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 17224
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 13684
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Dash Casual Shoes

id : 10001
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Sp Jema Skt Blue Skirts

id : 15573
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Main Hoon Bheem TShirt

id : 16792
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Yellow Shirt

id : 17640
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Headband
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Cat Black Headband

id : 10465
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Paisley Purple Tshirts

id : 15117
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Grey Trousers

id : 11785
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid Black Tshirts

id : 15325
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 12100
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Multi Colour Printed Kurta

id : 16766
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Leatherette  Green Handbags

id : 13214
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel 1160 Running White Sports Shoes

id : 10491
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women HS White Tshirts

id : 11543
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Grey Kurtas

id : 14031
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Printed Black Tshirts

id : 11771
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 16554
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Printed T-shirt

id : 13026
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Gold Heels

id : 11315
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 14667
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18896
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Solid Cream Dress

id : 16130
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Pink Top

id : 13442
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid White Tops

id : 12590
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed White Tshirts

id : 13670
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Footballs
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Liga XL Football

id : 18298
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Multi Printed Kurta

id : 15587
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 12903
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Whirlwind Classic Green Casual Shoes

id : 18405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men USA Brown Shoe

id : 11588
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtis

id : 15914
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black Coffee Men Striped Grey Slim Fit Shirt

id : 1831
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men's Air Impetus Shoe

id : 15128
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Cream
season : Winter
year : 2014.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow  Men Solid Cream Trousers

id : 18637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men V.11 Speed Midnight Navy Tshirts

id : 10802
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Dodge Broad Accent Check Blue Shirt

id : 12769
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Checks Red Shirts

id : 17029
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : GAS Men Black Pine Flip Flops

id : 17815
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Black Sandal

id : 13489
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Men Printed Navy Blue T-shirts

id : 11118
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid White Shirts

id : 11924
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoes

id : 19147
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Polo Tshirt

id : 16933
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Green Awesome Printed T-Shirt

id : 14658
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Grey Trousers

id : 13019
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Pink Heels

id : 14832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belts

id : 16759
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Copper Glass White Handbags

id : 13677
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Running White Sports Shoes

id : 14452
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Black Flats

id : 11312
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Rugged Chinos Beige Trousers

id : 1697
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Deck Black Backpack

id : 14660
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18891
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Tyra Black & White Striped Shirt

id : 16137
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Pink Top

id : 13445
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed White Tops

id : 12597
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed White Tshirts

id : 11776
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 16553
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Printed Polo T-shirt

id : 17481
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Formal Black Formal Shoe

id : 16761
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Leatherette  Olive Handbags

id : 13213
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Women Gel Cumulus Running White Sports Shoes

id : 10496
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN White Tshirts

id : 11544
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 14036
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Pink Shirts

id : 10650
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Grand Prix Navy Blue Shirt

id : 15322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Jacket

id : 12107
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Cream Kurtis

id : 17647
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Men Red Flip Flops

id : 10462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men White Polo Tshirts

id : 1809
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Decathlon Profilter Women Blue T-shirt

id : 15110
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men TR Finish Black Trousers

id : 17223
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 13683
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Adi Quest Blue Sports Shoes

id : 12751
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Ep Jeans Blue Jeans

id : 10006
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS T90 Black Tshirts

id : 15574
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Best Friends Group TShirt

id : 15746
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Ballista II White Sports Shoes

id : 14694
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Trousers

id : 18865
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Red Sports Heritage Sweatshirt

id : 17011
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Brown Heels

id : 18059
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Beige Wallet

id : 14009
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 16108
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 18092
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Tanga Navy Blue Brief

id : 19140
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sting Black Sandals

id : 11923
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Brown Formal Shoes

id : 13648
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Silver Astar ride 3M Sports Shoe

id : 19372
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 17812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Krishna Balram Multi Tshirt

id : 15779
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Blue String Bikini Briefs

id : 10039
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Raceon White Sports Shoes

id : 10805
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Rider Solid Black Shirts

id : 14499
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 18254
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Protima Green Kurta

id : 19386
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Red Muffler

id : 15913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black Coffee Men Stripes White Shirt

id : 1836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Air Visi Sleek Shoes

id : 17678
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Buckel Blue Flats

id : 18630
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men GP Buddh Logo Polo Red Tshirts

id : 12904
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Future Cat M1 Engine Red Sports Shoes

id : 12138
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Kurtas

id : 18402
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men USA Black Shoe

id : 15861
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Nightmare Flop Blue Slippers

id : 12278
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Maroon Shirts

id : 18742
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Boho Brown Top

id : 18570
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Boot Red T-shirt

id : 13198
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel DS Sky Speed 2 Running Blue Sports Shoes

id : 12876
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 17538
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red & White Striped Shirt

id : 17960
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Hopper Black Sandal

id : 10379
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red T-shirt

id : 15439
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hidekraft Women Leather Black Handbags

id : 11099
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Black Leggings

id : 18326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Black Shirt

id : 17994
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2009.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Essential Skinny Navy Blue Track Pant

id : 13508
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Who's your papaji Grey Tshirts

id : 19032
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Beige Spectator Shoes

id : 16846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 11851
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Grey Flip Flops

id : 19200
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 16248
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crocs Patricia Women Black Sandal

id : 11409
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Red Tshirts

id : 15895
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Flower Flops Pink Slippers

id : 18584
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Blue Pair of 2 Socks

id : 12882
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Sports White Shoes

id : 13950
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed White Tops

id : 14349
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Gold Flats

id : 18319
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Maroon Shirt

id : 12623
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 16283
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed White TShirt

id : 15406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men FILA Boston White Sports Shoes

id : 10174
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Latnam Black Casual Shoes

id : 15634
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS AD Club Pique Polo Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 11294
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Floyd Jeans

id : 10346
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 12411
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 17163
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Green Check Shirt

id : 18917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Work Western Blue Shirt

id : 15250
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men SL 72 Red Casual Shoes

id : 10722
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual short sleeve tshirt White Tshirts

id : 12075
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtas

id : 12849
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Girls Butterfly Print White Dresses

id : 17507
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Black Polo T-Shirt

id : 12247
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 17735
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Miami III Black & Beige Flip Flops

id : 15062
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Sandal

id : 10510
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS Grey Tshirts

id : 14376
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Ballerinas

id : 11604
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Blue Kurtas

id : 12081
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 13153
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ribbon Red Tshirts

id : 16421
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Brown Tshirts

id : 18789
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elements Brown Wallet

id : 13361
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Tan Casual Shoes

id : 16613
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Grey Trouser

id : 14144
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Formal Steel Cufflinks

id : 15096
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Stripes Orange Kurtas

id : 14978
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Black Belts

id : 11436
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Peach T-shirt

id : 13705
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Mn's Body Train Black Tshirts

id : 14520
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue White & Dark Grey Striped Shirt

id : 11052
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check White Shirts

id : 10180
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Speeder Yellow Flip Flops

id : 14712
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Off White
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Off-White Formal Shirt

id : 11260
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Sp Jace Sko Green Skirts

id : 13537
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16879
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Unisex Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 17197
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Green Sweater

id : 16045
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check White Shirt

id : 18583
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Sneakers Pink  Striped Socks

id : 16419
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 12885
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Turbulence White Sports Shoes

id : 13957
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Tops

id : 14940
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Black Shorts

id : 15892
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Tweety Girls Blue and White Casual Shoes

id : 13359
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Juniors Beige Casual Shoes

id : 11856
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Red Slippers

id : 14518
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey White & Light Brown Striped Shirt

id : 17993
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2009.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Essential Skinny Grey Track Pant

id : 16841
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 19035
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Red Flats

id : 11258
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Black Essential Racerback Tank Top

id : 18321
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 17369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 17967
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Girija Black Slipper

id : 12429
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16089
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 1729
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex White Shoes

id : 18577
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Riddim Purple Tshirt

id : 12871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 15268
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Rekapi Purple Casual Shoes

id : 15866
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Silly Shoe Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18745
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Cola Purple Top

id : 14715
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Formal Shirt White Shirts

id : 11267
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Black self structure Black Trousers

id : 13530
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Green Stripe Muffler

id : 17190
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Navy Blue Shirt

id : 16042
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Red Shirt

id : 13702
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Dirk White Sports Shoes

id : 19238
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Duffel Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Big Cat Duffle Bag

id : 11869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 14527
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Light Brown & White Striped Shirt

id : 11055
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 10187
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Hot Stepper Black Blue Shirts

id : 13366
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16614
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Brown Trouser

id : 15091
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Blue Tunics

id : 11431
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Purple T-shirt

id : 14371
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Red Flats

id : 11603
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Grey Kurtas

id : 12086
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 13154
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Scribble Black Tshirts

id : 16426
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 13968
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 917 SL Graphic Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 13392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 17732
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Fox Mid Brown Sports Shoe

id : 15065
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Formal Shoe

id : 10517
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : New Balance MC900 Men Others Tennis White Sports Shoes

id : 15859
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex LT Taz Flops Green Slippers

id : 14385
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Silver Heels

id : 15257
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Decade Low Sleek Black Casual Shoes

id : 10725
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Green Green Handbags

id : 12072
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 18548
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Beige Casual Shoes

id : 17500
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 15633
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Manu Authantic Black Tshirts

id : 11293
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : nan
season : Fall
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 10341
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Pink Tshirts

id : 12416
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Casual Black Wallets

id : 18910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Adi Linear Green Flip Flops

id : 17164
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Blue Shirt

id : 12624
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 17356
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Arizona Black Flip Flops

id : 16284
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Red TShirt

id : 15401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Tubes White Casual Shoes

id : 10173
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Tango Brown Sandals

id : 19231
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped Navy Blue Tie

id : 11860
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Slippers

id : 16877
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Unisex Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 19003
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Trefoil Hoodie Red Sweatshirt

id : 13539
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Gold Flats

id : 17199
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Grey Sweater

id : 14378
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual White Flats

id : 13961
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Pink Sweaters

id : 18787
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2009.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elements Beige Wallet

id : 15098
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Shilpi Fabric Collt Brown Kurtas

id : 11438
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women  Winter Black Top

id : 14976
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Black Belts

id : 18541
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Red Casual Shoe

id : 13995
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Blue Jackets

id : 17509
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 12847
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Boys National Champion Black Tshirts

id : 18773
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Navy Blue Tie

id : 12249
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Striped Pink & Navy Shirt

id : 15850
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Playlogs Blue Sandals

id : 14982
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Stripes Blue Belts

id : 18317
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Maroon Shirt

id : 15408
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Coloda Black Sports Shoes

id : 11894
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Tan Sandals

id : 10348
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Yellow T-shirt

id : 16883
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 17951
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Knit Beanie Red Skull Cap

id : 18919
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Work Western Blue Shirt

id : 11407
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women  Winter Purple Shirt

id : 14949
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Black Tshirts

id : 13350
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Blue Washed Jeans

id : 12282
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Green & Purple Striped Shirt

id : 16622
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Khaki Trouser

id : 13162
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Unisex Cat Logo White Caps

id : 15295
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex SY Airline Black Bags

id : 14347
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dual Fusion ST 2 Black Sports Shoes

id : 11635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ocean Race White Watches

id : 16848
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13506
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Color me Happy White Tshirts

id : 14723
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers For Her Women Casual Shirt Maroon Shirts

id : 10383
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Star Dust 145 White Watches

id : 14511
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 11063
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 13734
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16246
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crocs Kids cayman Kids-Unisex Black Sandal

id : 17394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Socks

id : 12420
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 16080
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Oval Sunglasses 9002-204

id : 18926
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Rubber Print Grey Tshirt

id : 17152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Black Jacket

id : 15605
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 10377
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 15437
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hidekraft Women Leather Brown Handbags

id : 10145
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Drsp Wingtip Brown Formal Shoes

id : 11097
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Black Tops

id : 12612
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 17360
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Red Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 15053
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Formal Shoe

id : 17704
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans unisex Old Skool Red Casual Shoes

id : 13196
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Basket Clean Black Casual Shoes

id : 12044
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 17536
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12878
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 15261
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Superstar 2 White Casual Shoes

id : 10713
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Blue Dri-Fit Capris

id : 12418
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Casual Black Wallet

id : 16884
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Brown Sunglasses

id : 17956
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Stay Cool Purple Cap

id : 18310
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Striped Black T-Shirt

id : 11893
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 18774
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Purple Tie

id : 15857
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex LT Blug Clog Blue Sandals

id : 14985
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Blue Sweatshirts

id : 15259
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Top Ten low Sleek White Casual Shoes

id : 18546
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Tan Heels

id : 13992
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train Grey Sports Shoes

id : 12840
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Brown Striped T-Shirt

id : 13368
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Juniors Grey Casual Shoes

id : 18780
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Black Tie

id : 14971
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Black Belts

id : 12088
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Brown Kurtas

id : 13966
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Solid White Tshirts

id : 16428
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Charcoal Tshirts

id : 11269
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Laced Crew Black T-Shirts

id : 19004
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Firebird Red Jacket

id : 16870
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 19236
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Off White Scarvf

id : 14529
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 11867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Yellow Slippers

id : 10189
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Hot Stepper Blue Shirts

id : 13191
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Eco ortholite Green Casual Shoes

id : 18579
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sport Quarters Navy Blue Socks

id : 12043
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White & Blue Striped Shirt

id : 17531
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Sports Navy Blue Caps

id : 15266
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Top Ten HI Sleek Gold Casual Shoes

id : 10714
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng track pants Black Track Pants

id : 15054
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 15868
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Playlogs Brown Sandals

id : 12271
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 10142
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Captoe Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11090
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 12615
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 17367
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Maroon Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12427
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17969
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Surf Black Slipper

id : 16087
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 17155
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 18921
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Classics  Red Shirt

id : 15602
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Black Sweatshirts

id : 10370
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women White T-shirt

id : 1727
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Black Lightweight Shoes

id : 14516
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White & Green Striped Shirt

id : 11858
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Black Slippers

id : 11064
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 13733
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 17393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 13501
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Daku Mentatry White Tshirts

id : 16073
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Move Toploader Black Laptop Bag

id : 14724
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Unisex Casual Muffler Black Mufflers

id : 10384
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Fluctuation Stones 159 Blue Watch

id : 11256
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Printed Shield T-shirt

id : 13165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Reliance Silver Sports Shoes

id : 13959
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Stripes Grey Tops

id : 16417
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Stripes Yellow Tshirt

id : 15292
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex ST SW Bag Olive Backpacks

id : 14340
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Pink Snapper Flip Flops

id : 11632
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Black Striped Shirt

id : 13357
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Jeunes Black Casual Shoes

id : 12285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 16625
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Red Tshirt

id : 17757
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men New Gemma Brown Casual Shoe

id : 12225
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Pack of 3 T-shirts

id : 10572
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Knitted Red Sweaters

id : 15000
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Tshirts

id : 1919
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Choco Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11692
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Navy Blue & Red Check Shirt

id : 10740
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Pluto Green Flip Flops

id : 15232
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Vespa PK LO Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17565
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12017
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Purple White Striped Shirts

id : 10324
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Heather USP Black Tshirts

id : 14784
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 18975
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Red Tshirt

id : 17101
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Blue Wallet

id : 12473
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 17333
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 12641
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 13793
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Solid Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 1541
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Ballistic Spike White Green Shoe

id : 15464
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Frost HD Black Jackets

id : 1787
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Court Logo White-Silver Shoe

id : 11202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Black Watch

id : 14770
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 16027
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 18981
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Vespa Graphic Blue Tshirt

id : 12487
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 13555
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Red Casual Shoes

id : 16215
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Red TShirt

id : 13767
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Green Shirts

id : 11030
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Blue Shirt

id : 14542
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Embroidary Pink Kurtas

id : 15490
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Black Heels

id : 13303
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Beige Shorts

id : 11454
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer Green Tshirts

id : 14126
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 14314
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Jerseys

id : 16443
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Printed Black Sweatshirts

id : 13131
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 10129
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Jefford Brown Formal Shoes

id : 14589
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Brown Belts

id : 19296
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women White Dial Watch W80056L1

id : 18176
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids-Boys Flap 02 Green Sweatshirt

id : 17902
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Trainng Navy Blue Track Pant

id : 15669
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Vue Sleeve Black Bags

id : 16488
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Navy Blue TShirt

id : 12814
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex 917 Lo Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18512
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Men Red Jacket

id : 12028
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey Striped Shirt

id : 15803
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Brown Briefs

id : 1926
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Mens Ocean Racing Blues T-shirt

id : 17768
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men New Amanda Brown Casual Shoe

id : 18720
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Women Zebra Cream Top

id : 13932
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Shirts

id : 11659
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed White Tshirts

id : 14925
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Keen Charcoal Tshirts

id : 14119
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 11833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 19262
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Rock Candy Gold Watch

id : 13758
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Green Shirts

id : 16018
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men  Khaki Trouser

id : 16824
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Purple T-shirt

id : 19050
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Closed Brown Sandals

id : 14313
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Jerseys

id : 17596
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Unisex Classic Black Sunglasses

id : 16444
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Printed Olive Sweatshirts

id : 13136
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men White Casual Shoes

id : 13304
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid Red Skirts

id : 10581
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Athletic Black Steel Watches

id : 14121
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16212
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Move Graphic Black TShirt

id : 13760
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 18388
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men White Tanga Brief

id : 11037
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Pink Tops

id : 14545
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Circle Print Blue Kurtas

id : 15497
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Heels

id : 11205
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Black Watch

id : 14777
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Brown Shirts

id : 16020
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Grey Trouser

id : 18986
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men St Tee Grp Black Tshirt

id : 12480
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Black Leather Formal Shoes

id : 19068
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Navy Blue Kurta

id : 13552
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Yellow Flat Shoes

id : 17334
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Unisex Casual Sunglasses

id : 12646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 1546
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Furore White Shoe

id : 10111
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Premier road supreme 2 Silver Sports Shoes

id : 15463
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Logo Blue Tracksuits

id : 10323
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Lambretta Green Black Handbags

id : 14783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 15651
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Apple Move Toploader 15

id : 17106
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Small  Orange Wallet

id : 12474
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Sandals

id : 11695
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Purple Check Shirt

id : 10747
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Daisy Pink Sandals

id : 15235
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Chase Black Casual Shoes

id : 17562
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12010
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red Striped Shirt

id : 17750
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 18718
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Victoria Purple Top

id : 12222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Olive Trousers

id : 10575
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Ess Pink Polo Tshirts

id : 15007
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 19057
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Kurta

id : 16823
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Blue T-shirt

id : 18185
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Deni Yo Men Washed Blue Slim Fit Jeans

id : 14748
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid White Shirts

id : 11008
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Women Behind Cream Tshirts

id : 11834
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 19265
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Chronograph Silver-Toned Dial Watch W11610L1

id : 14922
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Sleep Placid Blue Tshirts

id : 16649
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Polo Tee Black Tshirt

id : 13935
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Pink Polo Tshirts

id : 13109
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Pant Climalite Black Track Pants

id : 11498
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle White Heels

id : 15804
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fusion Brie Grey Briefs

id : 15038
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 18727
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Venetia Navy Blue Sweater

id : 12813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sports White Casual Shoes

id : 10778
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Training Navy Blue Shorts

id : 17139
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Golden Strap Brown Handbag

id : 17905
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Black Sweatshirt

id : 13599
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Half Sleeve Crew Pack of 3 Red Innerwear T-shirts

id : 18171
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Ballon Green Top

id : 1579
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Men Grey Second Skin Jacket

id : 12679
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 19291
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Quilty Black Watch

id : 11001
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Top Fluctuation Red Black Watches

id : 1584
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Domyos Unisex Feather-light Jacket

id : 14573
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Chukka Low Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16224
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Poly Knitted Navy Blue Tracksuit

id : 13756
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 16016
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men White Scarf

id : 13564
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Square Vest Neck Grey Innerwear Vests

id : 11233
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Low Rise Black Jeans

id : 15693
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black coffee Men Micheal Blue Slim Fit Shirt

id : 14741
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Lavender Shirts

id : 16472
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 13100
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Cr_Ess 3s Sltee White T-Shirts

id : 10785
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Runng Grey Caps

id : 11657
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 14325
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Printed Pink T-shirt

id : 11465
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer Blue Shirts

id : 14117
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16640
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Green Tshirt

id : 17792
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Grey Socks

id : 13332
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Blue Shirts

id : 17554
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12026
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 10771
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Kids Red Casual Shoes

id : 11491
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Top Indication Silver Black Watch

id : 1928
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Mens One Love T-shirt

id : 15031
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Pink Sweaters

id : 17766
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Jefe Men Olive Casual Shoes

id : 12214
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Trousers

id : 1570
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Artengo Women Tennis Singlet

id : 10127
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Espresso Brown Casual Shoes

id : 14587
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Beige Belts

id : 17302
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sports Black Socks

id : 19298
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Puffy G Black Watch

id : 12670
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check White Shorts

id : 17130
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black  Handbag

id : 18944
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Scottish Stripes Flat Knit Pack of 3 Socks

id : 18178
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Black Layer Top

id : 13590
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Half Sleeve Pack of 3 Innerwear T-shirts

id : 12442
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Wallets

id : 10315
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Rough Chic Gold Watch

id : 15667
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Grip Sleeve Black Bags

id : 14914
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Be Happy Green Tshirts

id : 10588
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Round Dial PU Strap Black Watches

id : 14128
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11668
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Black Tshirts

id : 13903
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Backboard White Casual Shoes

id : 19405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Blue Jersey

id : 1789
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men OSLO Grey-Orange Shoe

id : 16029
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 19061
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Red Kurti

id : 12489
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Brown Sandals

id : 16815
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Yellow Shirt

id : 13769
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check White Shirts

id : 19253
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Sparkle Box Set Watch With Interchangeable Straps

id : 11802
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Cambric White Kurtas

id : 15658
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Free Items
subCategory : Free Gifts
articleType : Free Gifts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Simple Messenger Blue Handbags

id : 17933
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Logo Tee II Red Tshirt

id : 19095
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Orange Kurta

id : 18375
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men White Boxer Trunks

id : 17759
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Rey charcoal Casual Shoe

id : 18711
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Printed Brown Skirt

id : 15832
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Pink Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 1917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men White Sneakers

id : 12825
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Coral Black Slippers

id : 12019
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Green Striped Shirts

id : 18523
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Men Control Freak Black Jacket

id : 18943
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Half Cushion Low Cut Pack of 3 Socks

id : 17137
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Polka Black Handbag

id : 12445
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Black Wallets

id : 10312
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Spark Black White Silver Watches

id : 15660
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Dash Laptop 16

id : 1577
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Inesis  Slim Shady Cap

id : 14580
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid DK.Grey Shirts

id : 17305
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sports Grey Socks

id : 12677
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Grey Trousers

id : 11496
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Gun Metal Grey Flats

id : 15036
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Blue Sweaters

id : 17761
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Ortiz Brown Semi Formal Shoe

id : 12213
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey New Improved Fit Trousers

id : 18729
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Keisha Magenta Sweater

id : 17553
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey & White Striped Shirt

id : 10776
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Athletic Red Tshirts

id : 11462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men White Polo T-shirt

id : 14110
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 16647
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Polo Tee Red Tshirt

id : 17795
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jive Navy Blue Slippers

id : 13335
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Printed Pink Tops

id : 16475
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 13107
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Cr_Ess 3s Black T-Shirts

id : 11650
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Star Dust Black Dial Watch

id : 14322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 16011
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Black Scarf

id : 13563
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Black Flyclave Casual Shoe

id : 19059
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Black Kurta

id : 11234
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Lowrise Black Jeans

id : 14746
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 11006
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Race Luminous Black Chronograph Watch

id : 1583
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Swimwear
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nabaiji Women Black Swimsuit

id : 16223
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rugby Navy Blue TShirt

id : 13751
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 12683
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Women Elixir Low White Shoes

id : 10749
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Mickey Star Red Flip Flops

id : 12822
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Snipper Black Sandals

id : 18524
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Women Solid 1351 Black Jacket

id : 18716
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Shanna Black Top

id : 15835
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Blue Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 1910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men's Classic Patterned T-shirt

id : 15009
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Blue Jacket

id : 18372
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Black Boxer Trunks

id : 1548
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Cell Exsis Sneaker

id : 17108
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Small Tan Wallet

id : 17934
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Black Shorts

id : 19092
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Gathered Design Pink Kurta

id : 18386
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Blue Tanga Brief

id : 19254
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Rock Candy Silver Watch

id : 11039
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Red Shirt

id : 15499
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Red Stilettos

id : 11805
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Cotton Silk Green Kurtas

id : 14779
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Green Shirts

id : 18988
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men ST Logo White Tshirt

id : 16812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 19066
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Thread Work Pink Kurta

id : 13904
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Straprunner Grey Sandals

id : 19402
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 13138
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Blue Casual Shoes

id : 14913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Mr. Nonsense Purple Tshirts

id : 13967
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 16429
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 12089
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Brown Printed Kurta

id : 18781
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Blue Tie

id : 13369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Toddler Brown Casual Shoes

id : 14970
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Authentic Wallet

id : 10188
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men   Blue & White Stripe Shirt

id : 14528
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Off White & Blue Striped Shirt

id : 11866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Red Slippers

id : 11268
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Cream Trouser Cream Trousers

id : 16871
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19005
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women F Sleek Trf Grey Sweatshirt

id : 17359
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 18311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Striped Green Sweater

id : 11892
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 16885
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Blue Sunglasses

id : 12419
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Casual Black Wallets

id : 17957
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Cricket Navy Blue Cap

id : 15258
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Concord Round Beige Casual Shoes

id : 13993
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Future Cat M1 White Casual Shoes

id : 12841
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Multi Colour Grey Tshirts

id : 18547
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18775
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Purple Tie

id : 15856
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Hit & Chase Flops Red Slippers

id : 14984
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Real Madrid Black Sweatshirts

id : 16072
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 13500
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men VVVIP Grey T-shirts

id : 10385
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Vitality Stones 168 White Watches

id : 11257
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men cover Black Tshirts

id : 14517
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & Light Brown Striped Shirt

id : 11859
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Green Slippers

id : 17392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Red & Grey Striped Socks

id : 19208
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Cap

id : 13732
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Red Shirts

id : 11401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Light Winter Blue Shirts

id : 16624
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Grey Trouser

id : 13356
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Silver Casual Shoes

id : 12284
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Genesis Maroon Casual Shirt

id : 13958
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Tops

id : 16416
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Grey Tshirts

id : 13164
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Diamondback Black Sports Shoes

id : 15293
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex ST Airline Blue Bags

id : 14341
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Snapper Green Flip Flops

id : 15869
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TJ Playlogs Pink Sandals

id : 15055
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Formal Shoe

id : 17702
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans unisex Authentic Yellow Casual Shoes

id : 17530
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Sports White Caps

id : 18578
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Black Sweatshirt

id : 13190
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Dls Game White Sports Shoes

id : 12042
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirts

id : 10715
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Training sports bra Black Tops

id : 15267
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women SL 72 Yellow Casual Shoes

id : 16086
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Rectangular Sunglasses 9007-203

id : 18920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Work Western Purple Shirt

id : 17154
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Navy Blue Jacket

id : 12426
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17968
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Splash Black Slipper

id : 10371
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Black Sweatshirt

id : 15603
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Black Jackets

id : 10143
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Moc Front Brown Formal Shoes

id : 11091
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Red Check Shirt

id : 17366
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Blue Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12614
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 18772
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Maroon Tie

id : 15851
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Playlogs Red Sandals

id : 14983
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Maroon Slim Fit Shirt

id : 17508
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Grey Polo T-Shirt

id : 13994
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 12846
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Boys Rock Grey Tshirts

id : 18540
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Heels

id : 18918
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Denim Grey Shirt

id : 16882
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Women Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 17950
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Swoosh Black Bandana

id : 18316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Green Shirt

id : 11895
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 15409
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Cage Black Slippers

id : 17198
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Black Sweater

id : 16876
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13538
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 16278
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pink Floyd Men Pink Floyd Grey Sweatshirts

id : 19230
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Tie

id : 11861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Brown Slippers

id : 18786
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2009.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elements Black Wallet

id : 11439
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Navy Blue Top

id : 14977
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Black Belts

id : 15099
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 14379
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Beige Heels

id : 13960
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Stripes Grey Tops

id : 10144
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Drsp Wingtip Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11096
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Stripes Purple Sweaters

id : 15436
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hidekraft Women Leather Maroon Handbags

id : 17361
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12613
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 16081
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Gradient Sunglasses MAYS-9003-202

id : 17153
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Lt.khaki Jacket

id : 18927
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Flock Print Purple Tshirt

id : 12421
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Casual Beige Casual Shoes

id : 10376
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 15604
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Bsktbll Black T-Shirts

id : 17537
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Yellow & Blue Striped Shirt

id : 12879
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 13197
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Axis White Sports Shoes

id : 12045
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 10712
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Casual short sleeve tshirt Blue Tshirts

id : 15260
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Rekapi Black Casual Shoes

id : 15052
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 17705
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans unisex Era Black Casual Shoes

id : 12277
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 16411
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13163
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Silver Coloured Shoes

id : 11634
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rod Silver Black Watches

id : 15294
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex ST Bpack GR Black Backpacks

id : 14346
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dunk High Black Sports Shoes

id : 11406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Light Winter Blue T-Shirts

id : 14948
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Maroon Tshirts

id : 16623
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Brown Trouser

id : 13351
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Black Jeans

id : 11062
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Light Maroon Shirts

id : 14510
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Aqua Green & White Striped Shirt

id : 17395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Brown Socks

id : 13735
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Stripes Green Shirts

id : 16075
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Stealth Slip Case Black Laptop Bag

id : 16849
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Unisex Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 13507
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Smart Ass Green Tshirts

id : 10382
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Grey Top

id : 11250
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men White Striped Blue Shirt

id : 14722
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers For Her Women Casual Shirt Black Shirts

id : 16088
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 17966
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Sasha White Casual Shoe

id : 12428
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 1728
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Green Sports Shoes

id : 17368
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Maroon Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 18320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Green Shirt

id : 15867
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Silly Shoe Silver Casual Shoes

id : 18744
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Cameron Blue Shirt

id : 12870
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper MenCasual Black Shoes

id : 18576
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Riddim Red Tshirt

id : 15269
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Concord Round Pink Casual Shoes

id : 14941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid White Shorts

id : 15893
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Net Face Canvas Grey Casual Shoes

id : 13358
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 12884
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Helmet Grey T-Shirts

id : 16418
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes White Tshirts

id : 13956
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid White Tops

id : 18582
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Pack of 2 Socks

id : 17992
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Essential Skinny Black Track Pant

id : 19034
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Comfort Blue Flats

id : 16840
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Maroon Sunglasses

id : 11259
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Nba Celtics Black Caps

id : 11857
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual White Slippers

id : 14519
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White & Teal Blue Striped Shirt

id : 19206
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Black Cap

id : 10724
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Black Black Handbags

id : 14384
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 15256
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Midiru Lite Black Casual Shoes

id : 17501
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Grey Polo T-Shirt

id : 12073
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Black Kurtas

id : 18549
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Purple Casual Shoes

id : 17733
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men MM III Navy Blue Slipper

id : 12241
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 13393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Shirts

id : 15858
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex LT Blug Clog Green Sandals

id : 15064
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 16285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Blue TShirt

id : 12625
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 1525
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Deck Navy Blue Backpack

id : 10172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Iceland Grey Casual Shoes

id : 15400
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men FILA Runner White Sports Shoes

id : 11292
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Millard Jeans

id : 10340
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Green Polo T-shirt

id : 15632
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women AS Regular DF Cotton Black Track Pants

id : 17165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Maroon & White Check Shirt

id : 18911
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Vanquish 5 M White Sports Shoes

id : 17959
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Trinity White Casual Shoe

id : 12417
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Casual Brown Wallets

id : 16271
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed White Top

id : 13703
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Black Gautier Shoes

id : 19239
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Standpunkt Classic Black Casual Shoes

id : 11054
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 10186
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Black & Blue Stripe Shirt

id : 11868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 14526
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Aqua Blue & White Grey Striped Shirt

id : 11266
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Pv Plan(Mix & Max) Greyish Brown Trousers

id : 14714
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Navy Blue Trousers

id : 17191
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks  Blue Shirt

id : 16043
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 13531
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Red Stripe Muffler

id : 11602
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Grey Kurtas

id : 14370
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Flats

id : 16427
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 13969
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 917 SL Graphic Black Casual Shoes

id : 12087
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 13155
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Vintage No.1 Logo Blue Tshirts

id : 16615
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Charcoal Trouser

id : 13367
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11430
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Brown T-shirt

id : 14142
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 15090
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Check White Shirts

id : 11850
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Green Flip Flops

id : 19201
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Black Shirt

id : 13509
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Are you Soor Blue Tshirts

id : 17995
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Essential Skinny Grey Track Pant

id : 16847
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 19033
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Mary Jane Tan Casual Shoes

id : 12883
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Brush Print Green Casual Shoes

id : 13951
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 18585
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ftpa Quarters Navy Blue Socks

id : 14348
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual White Flats

id : 14946
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Red Tshirts

id : 15894
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Flower Flops Blue Slippers

id : 11408
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Black Sweatshirts

id : 12877
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 17539
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Orange & White Striped Shirt

id : 13199
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel Resolution Running White Sports Shoes

id : 18571
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Grey Sweater

id : 15860
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Fire Canvas Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 12279
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 18743
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Cameron Orange Top

id : 11098
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Purple Leggings

id : 18327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Black Shirt

id : 18929
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Red Tshirt

id : 17961
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Scuba Grey Slipper

id : 10378
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 16612
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Navy Blue Trouser

id : 13360
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Brown Boot

id : 18788
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Celesta Blue Shirt

id : 14979
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Brown Belts

id : 11437
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Purple Tops

id : 14145
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Copper
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Copper Cufflinks

id : 15097
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 11605
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Denim Blue Kurtis

id : 14377
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Copper Flats

id : 16420
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes White Tshirts

id : 12080
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Yellow Kurtas

id : 13152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Scribble White Tshirts

id : 11261
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Red Saloppette Set

id : 14713
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Brown Trousers

id : 17196
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue Sweater

id : 16044
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Red Shirt

id : 13536
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Black Receptor Sports Sandal

id : 16878
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Unisex Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 16276
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Batman Men Batman Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 13704
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Prize Club Beige Wedges

id : 11053
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 10181
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Pliancy Black Watches

id : 14521
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Red & Blue Stripe Shirt

id : 11295
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 10347
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 15635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Arsenal Core Red Tshirts

id : 18916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Denim Grey Shirt

id : 17162
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks  Blue Shirt

id : 12410
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Beige Socks

id : 16282
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Superman Men White Sweatshirt

id : 18318
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 12622
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 10175
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Wango Black Casual Shoes

id : 15407
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Lobato Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17734
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Miami III Black Slipper

id : 12246
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Black Striped Formal Shirt

id : 13394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check White Shirts

id : 10511
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN Black Tshirts

id : 15063
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Formal Shoe

id : 10723
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Trainng Men's tshirt White Tshirts

id : 14383
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Copper Flats

id : 15251
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Vespa Pk Mid Black Casual Shoes

id : 12848
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Check Blue Skirts

id : 17506
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey Melange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 12074
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 13106
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sf Striped Hood Blue Sweatshirts

id : 14323
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes White Sweaters

id : 10783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : New Balance M364 Men Others Xtraining White Sports Shoes

id : 11651
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Race Luminous Chrono Black Dial Watch

id : 14111
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 11463
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men  Winter White T-shirt

id : 13334
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Blue Shirts

id : 16646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Polo Tee Blue Tshirt

id : 17794
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Brown Socks

id : 14575
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Authentic White Casual Shoes

id : 11007
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Turbo Black Chronograph Watch

id : 1582
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Swimwear
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nabaiji Unisex Black Silicone Swimming Cap

id : 13750
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Black Track Pant

id : 13562
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Purple
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Purple Flats

id : 19058
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Rust
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Rust Kurta

id : 16010
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Green TShirt

id : 14747
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 11235
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Midrise Blue Jeans

id : 14581
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Sweatshirts

id : 12676
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Brown Trousers

id : 17304
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sports Grey Socks

id : 13596
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Crew Pack Of 3 Innerwear T-Shirts

id : 12444
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Wallets

id : 17136
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Black Handbag

id : 18942
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Polo Blue Tshirt

id : 10313
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Cool Chic White Steel Watches

id : 17552
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & Cream Striped Shirt

id : 10777
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Hooded Purple Jacket

id : 15037
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Check Black Sweaters

id : 11497
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Pink Flats

id : 12212
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Brown Trousers

id : 18728
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Keisha Grey Sweater

id : 17760
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men New Pampa Black Formal Shoe

id : 14778
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 19067
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Block Print Green Kurta

id : 16813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 18989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men AC Grp Blue Tshirt

id : 18387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Red Tanga Brief

id : 19255
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Glow Gold Watch

id : 11804
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Red Kurtas

id : 11038
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Brown Tops

id : 14912
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Mr. Lazy DK.Pink Tshirts

id : 19403
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Grey T-shirt

id : 13139
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Olive
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Olive Casual Shoes

id : 17599
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Men Classic Steal Sunglasses

id : 13905
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarswift Grey Sports Shoes

id : 18717
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Victoria Black Top

id : 1911
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Manchester United Blues T-shirt

id : 15008
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men White Jacket

id : 15834
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Cream Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 10748
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 18525
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Digital Pop kids-Boys Blue Watch

id : 12823
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Dynamo Yellow Casual Shoes

id : 17935
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Training Tee Black Tshirt

id : 19093
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Sea Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Sea Green Kurti

id : 17109
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Small Purse Pink Wallet

id : 12649
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 1549
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Jiyu Slip On Sneaker

id : 1929
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Men's Lighweight Black Shoe

id : 15030
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Pink Sweaters

id : 11490
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Flux-M Black Watch

id : 12215
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Navy Trousers

id : 17767
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Nuevo Black Casual Shoe

id : 16487
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Solid Blue TShirt

id : 17555
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 15202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 10770
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Kids Red Casual Shoes

id : 18179
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Black Layer Top

id : 12443
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Black Wallets

id : 18945
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Scottish Stripes Flat Knit Pack of 3 Socks

id : 17131
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black Handbag

id : 15666
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Netbook Roadie Black Backpacks

id : 10314
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women E-Ffect Black With White Dial Steel Watch

id : 10126
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Runtone Action White Sports Shoes

id : 1571
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kalenji Men's Super Soft Sports Shoes

id : 12671
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Red Shorts

id : 19299
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Trapeze Steel Watch

id : 17303
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 13565
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back White Innerwear Vests

id : 16017
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Black Scarf

id : 15692
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black coffee Men Micheal White Slim Fit Shirt

id : 14740
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 14572
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Half Cab Grey Casual Shoes

id : 11000
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Slick 3HD Yellow Black Watches

id : 13757
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 12685
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Vintage Hi Black Casual Shoes

id : 16225
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Puma Women Capri Sweat Black Capris

id : 14116
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Jeans

id : 11464
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Blue Tshirts

id : 13333
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Blue Shirts

id : 16641
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart  Charcoal Tshirt

id : 17793
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Socks

id : 13101
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men F50 Cl Tee Black T-Shirts

id : 14324
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Pink Sweaters

id : 10784
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Runng Black Caps

id : 11656
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Red Tshirts

id : 18374
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 White Boxer Trunks

id : 17932
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Blue Tshirt

id : 19094
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Blue Kurta

id : 12018
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Green Striped Shirts

id : 18522
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Men Solid 1349 Black Jacket

id : 12824
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Flyclave Black Casual Shoes

id : 18710
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Printed Tan Skirt

id : 17758
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men New Gemma Tan Casual Shoe

id : 1916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Game Point Shoes

id : 15833
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh White Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 19404
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Tshirt

id : 13902
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Esquire White Sports Shoes

id : 14129
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 14915
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Mr.Silly Royal Blue Tshirts

id : 13768
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid White Shirts

id : 19252
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Rush Steel Watch

id : 11803
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Cambric Black Kurtas

id : 1788
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men's Court-White-Blue Shoe

id : 16814
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 12488
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Black Leather Sandals

id : 19060
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Red Kurta

id : 16028
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Red Shirt

id : 14782
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 15650
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer White Tshirts

id : 10322
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Lambretta Black Green Handbags

id : 12475
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Tan Wild Time Sandals

id : 18973
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Blue Check Shirt

id : 17107
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Small Purse Dk.Grey Wallet

id : 17335
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 15462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Wind Black Jackets

id : 10110
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Instant White Sports Shoes

id : 1547
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Ducati Sneaker

id : 18719
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Women Zebra Grey Top

id : 12223
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Solid Grey Trousers

id : 17751
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 15006
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Jackets

id : 10574
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Bts Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 15234
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Ciero Low St Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11694
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Brown Check Shirt

id : 10746
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Princess Heart Purple Flip Flops

id : 12011
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Purple Striped Shirts

id : 17563
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green & Pink Striped Shirt

id : 13305
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid Red Skirts

id : 14120
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid Grey Tops

id : 10580
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Athletic Rosegold Copper Watches

id : 14312
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Green Jerseys

id : 13137
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Green Casual Shoes

id : 17597
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Unisex Sunglasses

id : 16445
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Solid Grey Sweatshirts

id : 14776
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 11204
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Black and Grey Dial Watch

id : 19069
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Gathered Design Green Kurti

id : 12481
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 13553
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Brown Flats

id : 16021
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Black Trouser

id : 18987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men St Grp Blue T-Shirt

id : 18389
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Black Pack of 2 Brief

id : 13761
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 16213
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Training  White TShirt

id : 14544
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Flower Print Navy Blue Kurtis

id : 15496
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Denim Blue  Shoes

id : 11036
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Black Tops

id : 12812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football/Soccer Black Shorts

id : 15039
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Pink Jackets

id : 1920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graffiti FX Shoes

id : 15805
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Stringz Navy Blue Briefs

id : 11499
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Blue Flats

id : 18726
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Venetia Brown Sweater

id : 1578
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Men Good Stroke Red T-shirt

id : 19290
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Quilty White Watch

id : 12678
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Black Trousers

id : 18342
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Mendos Mens Navy Blue Bag

id : 18170
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids-Boys Be Born Green Sweatshirt

id : 17904
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Navy Blue Jacket

id : 17138
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Polka Black Handbag

id : 11835
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11009
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Let Me Skate White Tshirts

id : 19264
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Prism Black Watch

id : 16822
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Pink T-shirt

id : 19056
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Kurta

id : 14749
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Lavender Shirts

id : 13108
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Pant Climalite Blue Track Pants

id : 13934
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Shirts

id : 16648
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Polo Tee Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 16214
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Navy Blue Track Pant

id : 14543
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Circle Print Orange Kurtas

id : 15491
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Nude
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Nude Heels

id : 11031
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Blue Tops

id : 14771
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirts

id : 1786
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men's Court Logo White Shoe

id : 11203
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Metal strap Sqaure dial Black Watches

id : 12486
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 13554
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Pink Sandals

id : 16026
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 18980
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Polo Yellow Tshirt

id : 14315
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jerseys

id : 13130
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17590
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Unisex Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 16442
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Printed Black Sweatshirts

id : 13302
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Beige Shorts

id : 14127
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11455
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winters Black Shirts

id : 10587
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Careera dial steel strap patch White Watches

id : 15233
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Samba Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11693
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Red Shirts

id : 10741
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Mickey Mouse Yellow Flip Flops

id : 12016
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Blue Striped Shirts

id : 17564
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Black & White Striped Shirt

id : 12224
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Solid Brown Trousers

id : 17756
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Meztli Brown Casual Shoe

id : 15001
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stripes Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 1918
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos 300 Blue Bag

id : 10573
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heritage Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 12640
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Grey Tshirts

id : 13792
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Grey T-shirt

id : 17332
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 15465
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rime Down Vest Green Jackets

id : 1540
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Vintage Black Polo T-shirt

id : 10117
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Premier Zigfly Silver Sports Shoes

id : 14785
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirts

id : 10325
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Atlantis Black Watches

id : 12472
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 17100
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Rust
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Rust Wallet

id : 18974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 14118
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Jeans

id : 14924
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Green Sweatshirt

id : 13933
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11658
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 19051
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Brown Sandals

id : 16825
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Purple T-shirt

id : 16019
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Grey Trouser

id : 11832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 19263
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Quiz White Dial Watch with Interchangeable Straps W11130L1

id : 13759
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 17903
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng Grey Track Pant

id : 14588
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Belts

id : 10128
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Drsp Wingtip Black Formal Shoes

id : 19297
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Puffy G White Dial Watch with Swarovski Elements W85098L1

id : 18345
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ankel White Socks

id : 1927
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Navy Blue Bag

id : 15802
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Black Briefs

id : 18721
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Women Deerie Pink Top

id : 17769
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Meztli Brown Casual Shoe

id : 12029
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey Striped Shirt

id : 16489
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Forest Green TShirt

id : 11810
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Green Kurtas

id : 18393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Blue V-Brief

id : 19241
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lifestyle Track Black Jacket

id : 16209
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 13549
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16807
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 19073
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Thread Work Purple Kurta

id : 13911
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarelite Black Sports Shoes

id : 14308
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 14906
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 11448
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Pink Tops

id : 18531
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Analog Kids-Boys Orange Watch

id : 12837
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Button Bow Pink Dresses

id : 17579
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid Grey Trouser

id : 1905
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1904 Football Federation T-shirt

id : 15820
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Basic White Innerwear Vest

id : 12239
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 18703
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey Hip Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Hip Briefs

id : 15478
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women TP Graphic White Tshirts

id : 18367
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Vests

id : 17921
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Cricket Blue Jersey

id : 19087
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Gathered Design Off White Kurta

id : 18969
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Sweater

id : 14798
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Coffee Brown Handbags

id : 10338
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Polo White Tshirts

id : 13320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 17780
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Navy Blue Tie

id : 14105
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 14939
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Beige Shorts

id : 14337
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Flyclave Ltr White Casual Shoes

id : 10797
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Urban Big Check White Shirts

id : 11645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Flux-L Black Watch

id : 13112
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Rsp Ds 7in Black Shorts

id : 16460
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 15681
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Khaki Trousers

id : 14753
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men White Striped Shirt

id : 11221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Avalance Blue Steel Watches

id : 13576
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Jersey VestPack Of 2 White Innerwear Vests

id : 16838
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Unisex Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 16004
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Grey Sweaters

id : 13744
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 12696
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Transform White Sports Shoes

id : 16236
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crocs Crocband Flip Unisex Navy Blue Slipper

id : 11013
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Frill Check Multi Tops

id : 1596
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Water Bottle
articleType : Water Bottle
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Easy-to-Carry Pink Sipper

id : 15675
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men High Original Blue Jeans

id : 10307
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Arizona Metallic Leather Silver Ballerinas

id : 13582
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Pack of 2 Half Contrast Piping Ringer T-shirts

id : 12450
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Shoe Accessories
articleType : Shoe Accessories
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Brown Shoe Accessories

id : 18956
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Argyle Flat Knit Crew Grey Pack of 3 Socks

id : 17122
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Polka Blue Handbag

id : 18358
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ankel Black Socks

id : 12662
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 17310
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 14595
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Stockings

id : 10135
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Lissomy Glam White Silver Watches

id : 1562
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Men Sweat Proof Grey T-shirt

id : 12206
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Yellow Striped T-shirt

id : 17774
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Classic Black Belt

id : 15023
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 11483
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Puma Black mens watch Black Watches

id : 15211
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 10763
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Trainng Blue T-shirt

id : 12034
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Brown Striped Shirts

id : 16494
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : LOCOMOTIVE Men Black Printed Round Neck T-shirt

id : 12808
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Zip Pocket Blue Jackets

id : 17546
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Pink & White Striped Shirt

id : 17926
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Casual Grey Capri

id : 19080
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Block Print Purple Kurta

id : 12468
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White T-shirt

id : 18360
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila  Men Crew Black Socks

id : 17328
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 1902
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FIFA Men Blue Jersey

id : 10569
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Ess White Polo Tshirts

id : 15827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Sportz Navy Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 18704
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Hip Briefs

id : 18536
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Commander White Sports Shoes

id : 12830
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Peaceful Day Green Dresses

id : 15229
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Ciero Mid St Beige Casual Shoes

id : 11689
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Green Shirts

id : 14901
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Wallets

id : 13318
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Green Shirts

id : 16458
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Green Shirt

id : 13916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Visi Pro White Sports Shoes

id : 19074
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Thread Work Off White Kurta

id : 16800
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 11817
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual White Casual Shoes

id : 14559
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men 106 Vulcanized CA Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Red V-Brief

id : 19246
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Foundation Padded Blue Jacket

id : 15216
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Grey  Handbag

id : 10764
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Bts Black Tshirts

id : 12033
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 18509
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Men Bubble 1344 Black Jacket

id : 16493
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Solid Forest Green TShirt

id : 17541
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green & White Striped Shirt

id : 17773
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Brown Belt

id : 15024
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Caps

id : 11484
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ocean Black Watch

id : 15818
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Rib White Innerwear Vest

id : 12665
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 17317
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 14592
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Brown Belts

id : 1565
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Quechua Green Light Backpack

id : 15672
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men High Original Blue Jeans

id : 10300
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Brown Wild Vibe Leather Closed Sandals

id : 1757
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Polo Slate Black Rugby T-shirt

id : 17919
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women's Orange Polo T-shirt

id : 17125
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black  Handbag

id : 18951
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Full Cushion Crew Pack of 3 Socks

id : 13743
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Black Shirts

id : 19279
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Autograph Gold Watch

id : 12691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dual Fusion Grey Sports Shoes

id : 16231
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ess Hooded Black Sweatshirt

id : 11828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Red Casual Shoes

id : 14566
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Authentic Black Casual Shoes

id : 11014
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Polka Blue Shirts

id : 1591
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta Men Red Shorts

id : 15686
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Khaki Trousers

id : 14754
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 11226
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Velocity Chrono Silver Steel Watches

id : 18199
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Stripes Purple Sweater

id : 13571
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back Red Innerwear Vests

id : 16003
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Grey Sweaters

id : 14330
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Free Run +2 Black Sports Shoes

id : 10790
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Manitoba Piping Blue Shirts

id : 11642
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Vintage Black Watch

id : 13115
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 16467
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Green Shirt

id : 13929
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Beige Shirts

id : 13327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Green Tshirts

id : 17787
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Grey Socks

id : 14102
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid Brown Tops

id : 18732
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Ann Off White Top

id : 12208
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Striped T-shirt

id : 1934
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Forclaz 25L Air Purple Backpack

id : 15811
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BF Black Briefs

id : 18500
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men V.11 Cat White Tshirts

id : 17548
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey & White Striped Shirt

id : 12806
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Zip Grey Sweatshirts

id : 10309
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women White Leather Flats

id : 17910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sptcas Black Sweatshirt

id : 18164
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Zircons Black Clutch

id : 18958
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Sweater

id : 19284
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Black Dial Watch W60005L2

id : 18356
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ankel Logo Black Socks

id : 19042
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Moccasin Blue Casual Shoes

id : 16836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 13578
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Pack of 2 Half Contrast Piping Ringer T-shirts

id : 12698
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Swift FG Blue Sports Shoes

id : 19270
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Prism Steel Watch

id : 11821
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 1598
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Geonaute Women Blue Outdoor Bag

id : 11479
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Purple Tops

id : 14937
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Olive Shorts

id : 14339
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solarsoft Thong Grey Slippers

id : 10799
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Wander Wheels Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Court Resonate Black Casual Shoes

id : 15476
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Black Tshirts

id : 1553
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Footballs
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Power Cat Hard Ground Football

id : 10104
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Buckets VI Black Sports Shoes

id : 12653
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 13781
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Grey Trousers

id : 18369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Innerwear Vests

id : 17321
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 19089
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Shaded Blue Kurta

id : 17113
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Crystal Gold Clutch

id : 14796
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Handbags

id : 15644
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Df Crckt Navy Blue Shorts

id : 10336
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Stripes Black Tops

id : 12005
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green Striped Shirt

id : 17577
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid Grey Trouser

id : 12839
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Pleated Black Skirts

id : 15220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adi T Tennis Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11680
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Red Shirts

id : 10752
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Hell With White Tshirts

id : 15012
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Jackets

id : 12237
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Red Gingham Shirt

id : 17745
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Voltaic WP White Sports Shoe

id : 13123
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 17583
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Pack of 3 Crew Socks

id : 14306
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 11674
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 14134
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Grey Track Pants

id : 11446
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women White Light Winter Top

id : 14908
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Blue Sunglasses

id : 10594
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Houston Funky Pink Pink Watches

id : 13311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Navy Blue Shirts

id : 14550
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Floral Print White Kurta

id : 15482
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women TP Cuffed Black Capris

id : 11022
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Its A Good Day Red T-Shirts

id : 16207
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cheveron Wording Grey SweatShirt

id : 12495
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Short White T-shirt

id : 13547
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Red Casual Shoes

id : 16035
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check White Shirt

id : 18993
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Red T-shirt

id : 14762
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 1795
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Newfeel 22L Black Bag

id : 11210
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Open Link Black Steel Watches

id : 13927
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Addcash Red Casual Shoes

id : 16469
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Black Shirt

id : 13329
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed White Tshirts

id : 17789
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Olive Socks

id : 14930
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 19277
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Candy Pop Black Watch

id : 14568
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Rowley

id : 11826
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Red Casual Shoes

id : 15688
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Beige Trousers

id : 11228
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Imapc Rosegold Copper Chronograph Watch

id : 16831
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Green T-shirt

id : 19045
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Multi Wedges

id : 18197
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Navy Blue Trouser

id : 19283
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Netted White Watch

id : 17319
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 1759
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Epic Grey T-shirt

id : 18163
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Floral Pattern  Handbag

id : 17917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Purple Sweatshirt

id : 15218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Solid Belt

id : 12801
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Red Manchester United Jersey

id : 18735
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Rima Purple Dress

id : 1933
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Arpenaz 20L Dark Grey Bag

id : 15816
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Maroon Briefs

id : 12492
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 13540
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Casual White Casual Shoes

id : 16032
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 18994
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men G Tag Black Tshirt

id : 14765
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Navy Blue Slim Fit Shirt

id : 1792
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Newfeel Marine Blue Bag

id : 11217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Athletic Silver Black Steel Watches

id : 14557
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Chukka Low Black Casual Shoes

id : 15485
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women TP Funky Workout Black Track Pants

id : 11819
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11025
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Studd Polo Pink T-shirt

id : 19248
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Rock Candy Gold Watch

id : 16200
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Grey TShirt

id : 14133
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 11441
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Teal Top

id : 10593
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Houston Purple Ice Purple Watches

id : 13316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Blue Shirts

id : 16664
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Squid Black Sweater

id : 13124
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Tan Formal Shoes

id : 13918
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Serenity Black Casual Shoes

id : 17584
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Pack of 3 Crew Socks

id : 16456
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 14301
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 11673
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Red Check Shirt

id : 15015
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Black Sweatshirts

id : 15829
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh White Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 10567
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Striped Polo Pink Tshirts

id : 12230
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Pink & White Striped Formal Shirt

id : 17742
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train White Sports Shoes

id : 18538
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Limnos Red Casual Shoes

id : 17570
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green & White Striped Shirt

id : 15227
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Superstar 11 White Casual Shoes

id : 10755
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Kids Princess Heart Pink Casual Shoes

id : 12466
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Printed Red Ties

id : 17928
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Black Track Pant

id : 18960
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Sweatshirt

id : 14791
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Handbags

id : 15643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Team Woven Black Track Pants

id : 1766
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inesis Men Blue Polo T-shirt

id : 10331
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men basalt Black Belts

id : 15471
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women TP Graphic Green Tshirts

id : 1554
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Water Bottle
articleType : Water Bottle
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Quechua  Blue Sipper

id : 12654
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Royal Blue Tshirts

id : 13786
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Grey Sweater with Knitted Stripes

id : 17326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 17386
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Black Muffler

id : 13726
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Blue Adi light casual Shoe

id : 11071
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 14503
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 10391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Drift 244 Black Watches

id : 11243
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Lowrise Blue Jeans

id : 14731
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Lavender Shirts

id : 16066
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 17988
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Belt

id : 13514
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Women Washed Blue Skirts

id : 11627
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Pink Kurtas

id : 15287
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Set IV White Sports Shoes

id : 16402
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 13170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Berra Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18598
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Navy Blue  Drifter Cat Flip flops

id : 16630
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Black Tshirt

id : 13342
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid Purple Capris

id : 12290
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 11415
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Brown Top

id : 15889
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Big Facelog Pink Sandals

id : 10701
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Silver Houston Steel Watches

id : 15273
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Ball Carry Navy Blue Backpacks

id : 13184
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Dls Spry Black Sports Shoes

id : 12056
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Brown Kurtas

id : 12264
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Grey Shirt

id : 1164
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Blue T20 Indian Cricket Jersey

id : 10533
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : New Balance MW631 Men Others Walking Black Sports Shoes

id : 15041
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Grey Sweatshirts

id : 17372
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Maroon Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12600
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Black Tshirts

id : 10157
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Puma Flips Blue Flip Flops

id : 11085
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 10365
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Short Black Dresses

id : 15617
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng Lavender T-shirt

id : 18934
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi'si Men Embroidery Purple Tshirt

id : 12432
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Pack Of 3 Brown Socks

id : 14158
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Formal Sliver Cufflinks

id : 18795
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Beige Bag

id : 13973
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Tropi Cat Green Slippers

id : 11618
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Yellow Kurtas

id : 16059
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Olive Trouser

id : 19011
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Flock Purple Track Pants

id : 16865
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 11872
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 19223
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Tie

id : 16891
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 17943
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Yellow Tshirt

id : 11288
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : nan
season : Fall
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 15628
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Squad FT FZ Hoody Black Sweatshirt

id : 10168
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Punk Black Casual Shoes

id : 11886
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 18305
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Striped Pink Shirt

id : 15842
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Blue Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 14990
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Sweaters

id : 17729
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 13389
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Shirts

id : 18761
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Aiyanna White Shirt

id : 13987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 3.0 Mid Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 12855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 18553
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Mary Janes Blue Flats

id : 12069
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 10362
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Purple Polo T-shirt

id : 15610
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Trainng Black Shorts

id : 16095
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Unisex My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 18933
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Embroidery Black Tshirt

id : 12435
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Black Socks

id : 17375
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12607
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Purple Shrug

id : 10150
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Drsp Plaintoe Black Formal Shoes

id : 11082
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirt

id : 17711
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Unisex Palisades Vulc Beige Casual Shoes

id : 18759
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Aiyanna Blue Shirt

id : 12263
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Red Striped Formal Shirt

id : 1163
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Sahara Team India Fanwear Round Neck Jersey

id : 15046
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Boys Solid Red Sweatshirts

id : 10706
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Lissomy Two Tone Gold Watches

id : 15274
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Max Air Black Backpacks

id : 13183
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Dls 96 White Sports Shoes

id : 16637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 13345
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid White Capris

id : 12297
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 11620
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Lime Green Kurtas

id : 15280
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Newfeel Men Black & Silver Shoes

id : 14352
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Blue Flats

id : 16405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13177
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Waist Pouch
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wildcraft Unisex Blue & Grey Convertable Sling Bag

id : 10396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Atlantis All Black Watches

id : 11244
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Lowrise Blue Jeans

id : 14736
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid White Shirts

id : 16061
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Olive Trouser

id : 19029
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Moccasin Black Heels

id : 13513
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Firee Grey Tshirts

id : 16253
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Stockings

id : 17381
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Navy Blue Muffler

id : 13721
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Blue Patterned Beanie

id : 11076
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Black Sweaters

id : 10998
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Blockbuster Red Black Watches

id : 14504
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 13980
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jiff Red Sandals

id : 12852
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Pocket Button Green Shirts

id : 18554
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Mary Janes Beige Flats

id : 10739
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Black Flip Flops

id : 14997
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Navy Blue Sweaters

id : 15079
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Green Tunics

id : 18766
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Grey Tie

id : 1538
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Track Black T-shirt

id : 11881
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Brown Formal Shoes

id : 16298
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 12638
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Maroon Tshirts

id : 18302
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Kavita Green Kurti

id : 17178
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Maroon Shirt

id : 16896
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Women Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 17944
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Striped  Polo Red Tshirt

id : 11049
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 11875
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 19224
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped Maroon Tie

id : 16862
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 19016
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Graphic Print Black Tshirt

id : 13974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Webster Red Slippers

id : 14963
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Authentic Wallet

id : 16608
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Green Top

id : 18792
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elements Brown Wallet

id : 10502
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Ocean Blue Tshirts

id : 15070
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Sandal

id : 17727
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 12255
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Maroon Shirts

id : 13387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Juniors Grey Casual Shoes

id : 13989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Future Cat M1 Black Casual Shoes

id : 17515
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Pink Sweater

id : 12067
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Grey Printed Kurta

id : 10730
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Lorra Grey Grey Handbags

id : 14390
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Heels

id : 15242
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Porsche Design SP 2 Black Casual Shoes

id : 18905
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Response Cushion 20 Black Sports Shoes

id : 17171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Grey Shirt

id : 12403
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Socks

id : 11286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Black Millard Jeans

id : 10354
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Checks Blue Tops

id : 15626
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Manu Auth CL N98 Red Jackets

id : 10166
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Carribean Red Flip Flops

id : 1531
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Grey Solid Round Neck T-Shirt

id : 15414
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men FILA Ace White Sports Shoes

id : 11888
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Semi-Formal Shoes

id : 16291
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 12631
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 17185
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 16057
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Brown Trouser

id : 13525
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers For Her Women Instyle White Tunics

id : 11272
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Cricket Red Tshirt

id : 14700
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Khaki Trousers

id : 11040
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 10192
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Avalance Black Steel Watches

id : 14532
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 13717
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline White & Maroon Colourblocked Muffler

id : 11424
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Blue Shirts

id : 14156
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 15084
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Churidar
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Solid White Churidar

id : 13373
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes White Casual Shoes

id : 16433
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 12093
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 11616
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Green Kurtas

id : 14364
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 10159
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 917 Mid Spill White Casual Shoes

id : 15619
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Squad FT FZ Hoody Grey Sweatshirts

id : 17972
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Wirko White Sports Shoe

id : 12864
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 12058
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Brown Kurtas

id : 18562
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Beige Casual Shoes

id : 17718
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Red Shirt

id : 18750
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Hallie Olive Shirt

id : 15873
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Aloha Flops Yellow Slippers

id : 11629
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Stripe White Kurtas

id : 15289
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Women DLS Spry Silver Sports Shoes

id : 12890
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cell Tolero Black Casual Shoes

id : 13942
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Shirts

id : 18596
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Casual Black Wallet

id : 14955
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Printed Charcoal Tshirts

id : 15887
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Big Facelog Blue Sandals

id : 14169
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Authentic Black Belts

id : 17388
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Blue Muffler

id : 13728
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 19212
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belt

id : 11843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 10991
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Havy Metal Brown Tshirts

id : 16068
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Olive Trouser

id : 17986
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Unisex Laptop Black Backpack

id : 16854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 19020
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Gold Strap Heels

id : 16434
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 12094
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 13146
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Bronze Heels

id : 11611
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Black Kurtas

id : 14363
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Beige Flats

id : 11423
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter White Tshirts

id : 14151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 15083
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Churidar
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Solid Black Churidar

id : 16606
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Purple Knit Top

id : 13374
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Jeunes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11047
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirt

id : 10195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Steel strap dial Blue Watches

id : 14535
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Embroidary Blue Kurtas

id : 17182
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Purple Shirt

id : 16050
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 13522
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Green Tops

id : 19018
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Flats

id : 11275
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Crickt Black Track Pants

id : 1536
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Net Jersey

id : 10161
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cabana Racer White Sports Shoes

id : 16296
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Red Polo T-Shirt

id : 12636
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 17176
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Green Shirt

id : 18902
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Cap

id : 12404
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Grey Socks

id : 16898
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Blue Sunglasses

id : 11281
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 15621
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS EM BE True Cricket Crew White Sweatshirts

id : 17512
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 12060
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 10737
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hmzaab Black Handbags

id : 15245
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Superstar 2 Lite logo Black Casual Shoes

id : 14999
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Solid Blue Tshirts

id : 10505
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS Yellow Tshirts

id : 15077
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 17720
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check White Shirt

id : 18768
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Navy Blue Tie

id : 13380
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Shoe Accessories
articleType : Shoe Accessories
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Boot Lace Black Shoe Accessories

id : 10398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cardiac II Black Watches

id : 14738
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 17981
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Red Hip Hop Shoes

id : 19027
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Loafer Pink Casual Shoes

id : 16853
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 11078
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 11844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 10996
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Too Drunk Brown Tshirts

id : 16639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Orange Tshirt

id : 14952
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 15880
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Jerry  Navy Blue Sandals

id : 12897
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Game Point White Casual Shoes

id : 13945
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 18591
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men White Pack of 3 Socks

id : 13179
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Dls Maxim Black Sports Shoes

id : 18757
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Kiro White Shirt

id : 15874
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Sport Flop Green Slippers

id : 15048
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Solid Grey Sweaters

id : 10708
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Logo T-shirt Black Tshirts

id : 12863
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Black Formal Shoes

id : 18565
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Bolt LS Black Belt

id : 17149
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Unisex Blended Grey Backpack

id : 17975
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Navy Blue Sandal

id : 12609
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Blue Sweaters

id : 1758
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men White Collared Jacket

id : 17916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Grey Sweatshirt

id : 18162
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Apex Black Backpack

id : 17318
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 19282
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Activator White Watch

id : 18350
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Mens Ankel Logo White Socks

id : 18734
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Bow Off White Top

id : 15817
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Bicep Tee Olive Innerwear Vest

id : 1932
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Quechua Women Arpenaz Flex Grey Shoe

id : 15219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adiracer Remodel Black Casual Shoes

id : 12800
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Basketball Jersey Grey Jerseys

id : 17788
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 13328
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Green Tshirts

id : 14931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Check Navy Blue Shorts

id : 13926
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Narrow Dial Navy Blue Watches

id : 16468
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 11229
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Cine Citta Silver Watches

id : 19044
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Bronze
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Bronze Flats

id : 16830
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Off White T-shirt

id : 18196
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Brown Trouser

id : 19276
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Prism White Watch

id : 14569
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Old Skool Black Casual Shoes

id : 11827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 17571
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 18539
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Limnos Insignia Blue Casual Shoes

id : 12003
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey Striped Shirt

id : 11686
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue & Green Striped Shirt

id : 10754
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Mickey Star Blue Flip Flops

id : 15226
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men ZX 8000 Tan Casual Shoes

id : 15828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Square Neck Red Innerwear Vest

id : 10566
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rugby Grey Tshirts

id : 15014
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 17743
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Bolt Fass Blue Sports Shoe

id : 16691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Blanc Red Sweater

id : 1555
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Water Bottle
articleType : Water Bottle
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Red Sipper

id : 10102
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Premier Verona Supreme 2 Black Sports Shoes

id : 15470
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Logo Red Tshirts

id : 17327
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 12655
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 17115
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Blue Clutch

id : 18961
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Jacket

id : 12467
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Brown Ties

id : 17929
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Casual Grey Track Pant

id : 10330
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Alnoite Black Belts

id : 14790
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Handbags

id : 15642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Black Dri-fit Cotton     Cricket  Track Pants

id : 11024
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Purple T-shirt

id : 14556
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Zapto Del Barco Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11818
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 15484
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women TP  Black Capris

id : 16201
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Black TShirt

id : 19249
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Chronograph Silver-Toned Dial Watch I14503L1

id : 16033
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Red Shirt

id : 18995
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Woolie Navy Blue Cap

id : 12493
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Black Handbag

id : 13541
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Purple Sandals

id : 1793
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Quechua 10L Green Bag

id : 11216
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Imapc Silver Black Steel Watch

id : 14764
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Blue Shirts

id : 17585
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 13919
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men T-Lite 9 SL White Sports Shoes

id : 16457
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 13125
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 11672
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 14300
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 11440
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter White Top

id : 14132
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 13317
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Grey Sweatshirts

id : 16239
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crocs Beach Unisex Pink Sandal

id : 19271
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Chase Steel Watch

id : 12699
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarglide Black Sports Shoes

id : 1599
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Geonaute Women Green Outdoor Bag

id : 11820
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 16837
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 19043
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Blue Flats

id : 14338
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dunk High Blue Sports Shoes

id : 13921
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Esquire White Sports Shoes

id : 11478
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Blue Polo T-shirt

id : 14936
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Khaki Shorts

id : 17549
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey & White Striped Shirt

id : 12807
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Hood Pink Jackets

id : 18501
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men V.11 Cat  Blue Tshirts

id : 18733
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Ann Black Top

id : 12209
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White T-shirt

id : 15810
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fusion Brie Black Briefs

id : 1935
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua 22L Blue Bag

id : 19285
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Triangle White Dial Watch with Swarovski Elements W65006L1

id : 18357
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ankel Grey Socks

id : 10308
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Brown Leather Boat Shoes

id : 18959
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Sweater

id : 17911
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Sptcas Black Jacket

id : 11447
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter White Sweater

id : 10595
gender : Women
masterCategory : Free Items
subCategory : Free Gifts
articleType : Free Gifts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Cascade Grey Dial Watch

id : 14135
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Checks Blue Handbags

id : 13310
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid White Dresses

id : 17582
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Pack of 3 Crew Socks

id : 16450
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Brown Shirt

id : 13122
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Brown Sandals

id : 11675
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Red Shirts

id : 14307
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed White Sweatshirts

id : 16034
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes White Shirt

id : 18992
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men G Skinpil Grey Tshirt

id : 16808
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Brown Shirt

id : 12494
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Short Grey Tops

id : 13546
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Gold
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Gold Toned Flats

id : 1794
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Newfeel Brown 22L Bag

id : 11211
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Octo Chrono Silver Black Steel Watches

id : 14763
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 11023
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Black T-shirt

id : 14551
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Small Flower Print Black Kurtas

id : 15483
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Move Wow Black Tshirts

id : 16206
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Hazard Green TShirt

id : 13774
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 18966
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Green Sweater

id : 17112
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Beaded Grey Clutch

id : 19088
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Floral Print Off White Kurta

id : 12460
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Purple Shirts

id : 1760
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Marcello White T-shirt

id : 14797
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Maroon Handbags

id : 15645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Black Dri-fit Cotton     Cricket  Shorts

id : 10105
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Analogue Leather Steel Watches

id : 1552
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Footballs
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Power Cat Trainer-WR Football

id : 15477
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Motorsport Graphic Black Tshirts

id : 17320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 12652
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 18368
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Basic Pack of 2 Innerwear Vests

id : 13780
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Cream Trousers

id : 15013
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 17744
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train Black Sports Shoe

id : 12236
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirts

id : 17576
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Brown & White Checked Shirt

id : 12838
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Unisex Bebo White Tshirts

id : 12004
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 11681
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Red Shirts

id : 10753
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 15221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Court Lounge Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16459
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 13917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Backboard Black Casual Shoes

id : 14900
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Wallets

id : 13319
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Green Shirts

id : 11816
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual White Casual Shoes

id : 14558
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Rowley SPV Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men White V-Brief

id : 19247
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women White Dial Watch I11065L1

id : 16801
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Olive Trouser

id : 19075
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Floral Print Pink Kurta

id : 11218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Gran Orbus Black Steel Watches

id : 17329
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 13789
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Grey Striped Sweater

id : 18361
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Black And White Socks

id : 17927
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Trainng Black Track Pant

id : 12469
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Checked Shirt

id : 19081
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Thread Work Red Kurta

id : 12831
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Pink Tops

id : 18537
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Limnos Black Casual Shoes

id : 15228
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Porsche Design Black Casual Shoes

id : 10568
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Knitted Navy Blue Sweater

id : 15826
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Black Innerwear Vest

id : 1903
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FIFA Men Brazil Yellow Jersey

id : 18705
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men White Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Hip Briefs

id : 15687
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Beige Trousers

id : 14755
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Check Red Shirts

id : 16002
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Grey Sweaters

id : 13570
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back Black Innerwear Vests

id : 18198
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Blue Trouser

id : 16230
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Tricot Graphic Grey Tracksuit

id : 19278
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women G Hype Silver Watch

id : 11015
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Kangroo Pocket Purple Tunics

id : 1590
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta Men's F300 Football Shoe

id : 11829
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual White Casual Shoes

id : 17786
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Grey Socks

id : 13326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Brown Shirts

id : 11471
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Brown Tops

id : 14103
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid Cream Tops

id : 10791
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Manitoba Piping Black Shirts

id : 11643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Engine Black Watch

id : 14331
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lengo FG White Sports Shoes

id : 16466
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 13928
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Pink Tops

id : 13114
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual White Casual Shoes

id : 17772
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Classic Black Belt

id : 12200
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Polo T-shirt

id : 15819
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Black Innerwear Vest

id : 11485
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Race Luminous 3HD Silver green Black Watches

id : 15025
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Caps

id : 10765
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 15217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Solid Belt

id : 16492
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Blue TShirt

id : 17540
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Black & White Striped Shirt

id : 12032
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green Striped Shirt

id : 18508
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ftpa Quarters Black Socks

id : 1756
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men White Polo T-shirt

id : 10301
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Brown Leather Casual Shoes

id : 15673
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men High Original Blue Jeans

id : 18950
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Levis Women White Set of 3 Trainer Socks

id : 17124
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Golden Strap Black Handbag

id : 13584
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Half Sleeve Crew Pack of 3 Beige Innerwear T-shirts

id : 17918
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men White Polo Tshirt

id : 12456
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Belt

id : 17316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 12664
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 10133
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Rough Chic Black Silver Watches

id : 14593
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belts

id : 15821
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fitness Red Innerwear Vest

id : 1904
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FIFA Men Brazil Blue & Yellow Jersey

id : 12238
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 18702
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Ultimate Blue Brief

id : 12836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Tennis Green T-Shirt

id : 18530
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Chutki Kids-Girls Orange Digital Watch

id : 18968
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Sweater

id : 17920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Traning Blue T-shirt

id : 19086
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Thread Work Green Kurta

id : 10339
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Black Polo T-shirt

id : 14799
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Handbags

id : 15479
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Black Tshirts

id : 18366
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men White Pack of 3 V-Briefs

id : 13548
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Green
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Green Flats

id : 19072
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Small Flower Pattern Red Kurti

id : 16806
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ANT Kids Girls Solid White Short

id : 11811
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Black Kurtas

id : 16208
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cheveron Wording Black SweatShirt

id : 18392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Black V-Brief

id : 19240
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Dazzle Blue Shorts

id : 14907
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Brown Sunglasses

id : 11449
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Blue Tops

id : 13910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Court Shuttle White Sports Shoes

id : 14309
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Navy Blue Jackets

id : 17311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 18359
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men No Show White Socks

id : 12663
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 1563
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Men Sweat Proof Blue T-shirt

id : 10134
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Lissomy Glam Black Silver Watches

id : 10306
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Rocco Fuse Leather Grey Casual Shoes

id : 15674
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men High Original Blue Jeans

id : 17123
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Polka Brown Handbag

id : 18957
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Knitted Jacket

id : 12451
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Shoe Accessories
articleType : Shoe Accessories
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex White Shoe Accessories

id : 10762
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Yellow Flip Flops

id : 15210
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Green Polo Tshirts

id : 12809
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Hood Black Jacket

id : 16495
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Grey TShirt

id : 17547
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12035
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red Striped Shirt

id : 17775
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Classic Black Belt

id : 12207
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Striped T-shirt

id : 11482
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Blue Shirts

id : 15022
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Track Pants

id : 10796
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Warnick Square Block Red Shirts

id : 11644
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Indication Chrono Black Watch

id : 14336
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sweet Classic Leather Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 16461
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 13113
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men HT Khakhi Short

id : 17781
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Brown Tie

id : 13321
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 14938
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Beige Shorts

id : 14104
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Printed Black Tshirts

id : 13745
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 12697
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Egoli TF White Sports Shoes

id : 11012
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Frill Check Multi Tops

id : 1597
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Geonaute Women Black Outdoor Bag

id : 14560
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Era Black Casual Shoes

id : 11220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Axis Black Steel Watches

id : 15680
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Beige Trousers

id : 14752
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Grey Shirts

id : 16005
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Grey Sweaters

id : 16839
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 16899
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Black Polo Tshirt

id : 12405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes  Navy Blue Socks

id : 18903
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Gloves
articleType : Gloves
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex AC Striped Black Gloves

id : 17177
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Green Shirt

id : 15620
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Thermal Grey Jackets

id : 11280
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Black Texas Jeans

id : 10352
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Shirts

id : 15412
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Women Hex II White And Black Sports Shoes

id : 10160
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 917 Lo Paint Splatter White Casual Shoes

id : 1537
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Red Net Jersey

id : 12637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 15076
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 10504
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS White Tshirts

id : 14998
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Olive Tshirts

id : 12253
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Pink Striped Formal Shirt

id : 13381
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Juniors Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18769
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Black Tie

id : 17721
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Burgundy
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Burgundy Shirt

id : 12061
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 17513
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Black Polo T-Shirt

id : 14396
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Navy Flats

id : 15244
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Valley-Fdt Red Casual Shoes

id : 10736
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Mcc Red Red Handbags

id : 15082
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Green Kurtis

id : 11422
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer Blue T-shirt

id : 13375
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Jeunes Blue Sandals

id : 16607
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Magenta Knit Top

id : 12095
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Violet Kurtas

id : 16435
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Olive Tshirts

id : 14362
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Beige Flats

id : 11610
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Beige Kurtas

id : 13523
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Pink Tops

id : 19019
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Silver Heels

id : 17183
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Maroon Shirt

id : 16051
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 14706
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Purple Shirts

id : 11274
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Crickt Black Track Pants

id : 14534
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 11046
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check White Shirts

id : 10194
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Sqaure dial leather strap Black Watches

id : 13711
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Solid Black Polo Tshirt

id : 10709
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng short sleeve tshirt Purple Tshirts

id : 18564
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Teal
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Teal Sandal

id : 12862
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 18756
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Kiro Blue Shirt

id : 15875
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Beach Slipper Blue Slippers

id : 18332
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Unisex Navy Blue & Red Ventos Backpacks

id : 12608
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Maroon Tops

id : 17974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rio Black Sandal

id : 11845
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Brown Flip Flops

id : 10997
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Track White Silver Watches

id : 11079
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 14739
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 10399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cardiac 209 Black Watches

id : 17980
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Navy Blue Hip Hop Casual Shoes

id : 16852
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 19026
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Peep Toe Beige Peep Toes

id : 13178
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Dls Nitrous White Sports Shoes

id : 18590
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Foundation Black Socks

id : 12896
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Yacht Battleship Brown Casual Shoes

id : 12298
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check Black Shirts

id : 16638
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Maroon Tshirt

id : 14953
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 15881
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Stud Sandal Grey Casual Shoes

id : 14533
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 11041
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Purple Check Shirt

id : 10193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Dial Green Numbers Black Watch

id : 13524
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Purple Tops

id : 17184
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 16056
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Beige Trouser

id : 14701
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Olive Cargos

id : 11273
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men  Blue Jacket

id : 12092
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 16432
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 14365
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Beige Flats

id : 11617
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Green Kurtis

id : 14157
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 15085
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Black Printed Kurta

id : 11425
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer Grey Tshirts

id : 13372
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Toddler Grey Casual Shoes

id : 12066
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Black Kurtas

id : 17514
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Black Sweater

id : 13988
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Future Cat Remix Lo Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 14391
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Black Wedges

id : 15243
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men SL 72 Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 10731
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Lorra Coffee Brown Handbags

id : 15071
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Sandals

id : 10503
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS White Tshirts

id : 12254
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check Red Shirts

id : 13386
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Beige Casual Shoes

id : 17726
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Purple Shirt

id : 11889
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Tan Formal Shoes

id : 15415
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Women Tenet Black Sports Shoes

id : 1530
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Track Jacket

id : 10167
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Nighthawk Black Casual Shoes

id : 12630
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 16290
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Yellow Polo T-Shirt

id : 12402
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid White Socks

id : 17170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Navy Blue Shirt

id : 18904
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Adicolor Navy Blue Cap

id : 15627
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Squad FT PO Hoody Graph Grey Sweatshirts

id : 11287
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 10355
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 14168
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Shiny Black  Belts

id : 14954
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 15886
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Chase Casual White Casual Shoes

id : 15288
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Mercury Black Shoes

id : 11628
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 18597
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Volt Black Sports Shoes

id : 12891
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Basket Team Mesh White Casual Shoes

id : 13943
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Shirts

id : 17987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Beige Belt

id : 19021
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Elastic Strap Beige Heels

id : 16855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 16069
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Navy Blue Trouser

id : 13729
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 19213
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belt

id : 17389
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Red Socks

id : 11842
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Beige Casual Shoes

id : 10990
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Women Irritating Pink Tshirts

id : 15618
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Tennis Black Tshirts

id : 17973
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rio Black Sandal

id : 10158
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 917 Lo Feuer Black Casual Shoes

id : 18751
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman kiki Blue Top

id : 17719
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check White Shirt

id : 15872
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Happy Canvas Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 12059
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Brown Kurtas

id : 12865
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 15281
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Rough Chic Silver Watches

id : 14353
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Wedges

id : 11621
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid White Kurtas

id : 16404
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13344
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Black Shorts

id : 12296
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Red Striped Shirt

id : 16636
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Rust
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Rust Tshirt

id : 14161
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Textured Steel Cufflinks

id : 11413
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Olive Shirts

id : 13720
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Maroon Striped Muffler

id : 16252
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Brown Stockings

id : 17380
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Multi Muffler

id : 14505
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 10999
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rod Yellow Black Watches

id : 11077
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Purple Sweaters

id : 14737
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 10397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Slick Gents 3 Black Watches

id : 11245
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Churidar
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid Black Churidar

id : 19028
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Loafer Yellow Casual Shoes

id : 16060
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Beige Trouser

id : 12606
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Cream Tops

id : 17374
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 10151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Drsp Slip On Black Formal Shoes

id : 11083
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 15611
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Navy Blue Track Pants

id : 10363
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Tops

id : 12434
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Pack Of 3 Black Socks

id : 16094
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Red Sunglasses

id : 18932
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Black Tshirt

id : 15275
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 10707
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Open Link Gold Gold Watch

id : 13182
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Dls Maxim Black Sports Shoes

id : 18758
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Bling Black Dress

id : 17710
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Unisex Palisades Vulc Maroon Casual Shoes

id : 15047
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Boys Solid Navy Blue Jackets

id : 19017
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Trefoil Pink Tshirt

id : 16863
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 14708
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 11874
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 11048
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 19225
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Purple Tie

id : 14962
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Vintage Wallet

id : 18793
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Beige Bag

id : 16609
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Grey Trouser

id : 13975
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Pop Art Black Flip Flops

id : 15078
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Blue Kurtis

id : 15844
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Blue Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 14996
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stripes Blue Sweaters

id : 18767
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Purple Tie

id : 18555
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 13981
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Mens Speeder Black Sports Shoes

id : 12853
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 14398
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Women DK.Grey shoes

id : 10738
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Slick Ladies 3HD Pink Pink Watches

id : 16897
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Women Casual Brown Sunglasses

id : 17945
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men No. 1 logo Black Track Pant

id : 18131
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey Melange
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Square Neck Tee Grey Melange Innerwear Vest

id : 17179
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid White Shirt

id : 11880
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 1539
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Grey T-shirt

id : 12639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 18303
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Kavita Maroon Kurti

id : 16299
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 12265
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 17717
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 15040
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Purple Sweatshirts

id : 1165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Mean Team India Cricket Jersey

id : 15272
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Ball Carry Navy Blue Backpacks

id : 10700
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Pure Black Glam Rock Houston Steel Watches

id : 12057
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Brown Kurtas

id : 15616
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Olive Sweatshirts

id : 10364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Magenta T-shirt

id : 12433
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Grey Socks

id : 16093
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Grey Sunglasses

id : 18935
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Blue Tshirt

id : 17141
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Brown Handbag

id : 12601
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Red Tshirts

id : 17373
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 10156
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Sc Slip On Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11084
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 14730
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Dog Print Off White Tshirts

id : 10390
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Finesse 233 White Watches

id : 11242
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Veron Black Jeans

id : 13515
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Washed Blue Skirts

id : 17989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Belt

id : 16067
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 13727
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Silver Adi Primo Sports Shoe

id : 17387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Blue Muffler

id : 14502
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 11070
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 13343
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Boys Black Cargo Shorts

id : 16631
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart  Charcoal Tshirt

id : 14166
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Snake Skin Look Black Belts

id : 15888
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Big Facelog Green Sandals

id : 11414
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Shirt

id : 15286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men White Mercury Casual Shoes

id : 14354
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 11626
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 18599
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Java Black Flip Flops

id : 13171
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Bravos Navy Blue Sports Shoes

id : 16403
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Red Shirts

id : 11887
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 10169
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men HIghlander Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18304
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Eva Pink Kurta

id : 16890
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Unisex Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 17942
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Striped Jersey Grey Tshirt

id : 15629
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Squad Fleece FZ Hoody Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 11289
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 18552
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Shoe

id : 12068
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 13986
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men D Force Lo SF White Casual Shoes

id : 12854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 14991
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Green Sweaters

id : 18760
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Aiyanna Grey Shirt

id : 13388
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Grey Casual Shoes

id : 13972
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Wirko Wn's Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11619
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Beige Kurtis

id : 14159
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 14965
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Smooth Finish Wallet

id : 18794
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Beige Bag

id : 11873
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 19222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped Navy Blue Tie

id : 13718
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Blue Patterned Muffler

id : 16864
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19010
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women F Sleek Trf Blue T-Shirt

id : 16058
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Khaki Trouser

id : 11901
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Maroon Formal Shoes

id : 16318
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Red TShirt

id : 19350
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Shoes

id : 18282
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women N.Masti Multi Kurta

id : 19162
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Tshirt

id : 16916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes White Sweaters

id : 13458
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Shirts

id : 13800
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Grey Sweatshirt

id : 11559
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 14817
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Brown Handbags

id : 17468
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women Julia BR 02 Black Bra

id : 12926
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 18420
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Shape-Ups White Shoe

id : 15931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Regent Polo Club Men Solid Green Polo Tshirt

id : 1814
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Solognac Men Chocolate Brown  T-shirt

id : 16788
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Digital Black Watch

id : 18612
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team SS Black Tshirts

id : 12328
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Blue Formal Shirt

id : 10827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men White Celebrate Indigo T-shirt

id : 15569
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Red Flats

id : 18276
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Tanvi White Kurta

id : 18878
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Fendy Purple Shirt

id : 17830
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Ultra Black Sports Shoe

id : 18044
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Sequin Yellow Wallet

id : 10229
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hths Black Handbags

id : 14689
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Mid Brown Trousers

id : 17691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Chukka Low Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 16743
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Beads Red Clutch

id : 13231
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Washed Blue Shorts

id : 11566
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 14828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belts

id : 14014
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Off-White Polo Jerseys

id : 11754
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Purple Shirt

id : 13003
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 11330
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 14642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Bold Check Black Shirts

id : 15790
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Green Comfort Briefs

id : 16115
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Navy Blue Slipper

id : 16929
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Solid Black Sweatshirt

id : 13467
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 16327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid White Shirt

id : 12787
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Renu Red Kurtas

id : 13655
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Red WhirItech Slide M Sandal

id : 11102
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 14470
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Tan Flats

id : 10216
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hths Green Handbags

id : 1641
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men's Hex Run Pure Silver Shoe

id : 15764
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Hunk Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 17033
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Europa Casual Shoes

id : 18847
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men College  Athletic White  Tshirt

id : 12541
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women White Printed T-shirt

id : 13493
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Rucksacks
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Wildcraft Unisex Gangotri Black & Red Rucksack

id : 17201
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue Sweater

id : 12773
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Limited Collt Handloom Green Tunics

id : 18249
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Red Tshirt

id : 10024
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Make Yours Black T-Shirts

id : 14484
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Green Shoes

id : 10818
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Urban Raiser Red Shirts

id : 17665
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Back Strap Black Casual Shoe

id : 11592
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 10440
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Green Shirts

id : 15132
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow  Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 10672
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girls Little song board Purple Tops

id : 15300
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Running White Sports Shoes

id : 17457
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Enticer Women Silver-Toned Dial Watch (SH62) LTP-2069L-7A2VDF

id : 12919
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual White Shoes

id : 12125
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Kurtas

id : 12579
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Orange Printed T-shirt

id : 19191
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Charcoal Shirt

id : 18043
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Red Handbag

id : 17837
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solarsoft Thong Black Slipper

id : 10820
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men City Work Navy Blue Shirts

id : 17239
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Blue  Polo Tshirt

id : 13699
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men CC Oscillate M Blue Sports Shoes

id : 18271
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Blue Kurta

id : 15936
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Belts

id : 10478
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Maroon Shirts

id : 1813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Solognac Men Dark Blue T-shirt

id : 18615
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team SS White Tshirts

id : 12921
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Blue Shoes

id : 18427
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Backpack

id : 15338
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Grey Capris

id : 14810
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Brown Handbags

id : 13209
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel Challenger 8 Running Black Sports Shoes

id : 16549
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 16911
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Printed White Sweatshirt

id : 19165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Green T-shirt

id : 11308
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Black Jim Slim Fit Jeans

id : 14448
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Brown Wedges

id : 11906
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 19357
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women B01 Combo3 Fashion  Low-Rise Pack of 3 Breifs

id : 10675
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Princess Black Tops

id : 15307
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Daroga Two 11 Lea Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17450
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Enticer Men Silver-Toned Analogue Watch BS014

id : 18418
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Shape-Ups White Shoe

id : 12122
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 17662
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Buckel Black Heels

id : 11595
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 10447
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Yellow Polo Tshirts

id : 17206
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 12774
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women 2Tone Mangalgiri Green Kurtas

id : 10023
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Regular Grey Track Pants

id : 14483
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 15551
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men White Set Of 3 Socks

id : 1646
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Ultralight Backpack 16 Ltr Grey Bag

id : 10211
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Lambretta Grey Handbags

id : 15763
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Sportz Charcoal Innerwear Vest

id : 18840
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Brown Belt

id : 17034
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Romance Casual Shoe

id : 12546
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Blue Printed T-shirt

id : 13494
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Manchester United White Tshirts

id : 17808
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Girl Chutki Flowers Orange Tshirt

id : 16320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Green TShirt

id : 12780
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Apparel Set
articleType : Kurta Sets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Cotton Brown Salwar Suit

id : 19368
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Candy Grey Casual Shoes

id : 13652
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS White  Snova Sequence 4M Sports Shoe

id : 11105
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 14477
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 11939
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 14645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Wide Stripes Navy Blue Shirts

id : 15797
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men White Comfort Briefs

id : 16112
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Black Slipper

id : 13460
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Green Shirts

id : 11753
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Pink Top

id : 10681
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 13838
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Black Strap Black Watches

id : 17696
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Rata Vulc Black Casual Shoes

id : 16744
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Hand Woven Maroon Clutch

id : 13236
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Washed Blue Shorts

id : 11561
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 14013
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 12319
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 18623
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lifestyle Knitted Dark Denim Sweaters

id : 15900
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Hit & Chase Flops Blue Slippers

id : 12917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripe White Sweaters

id : 17459
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men White Analogue& Digital Watch G303

id : 18411
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Shape-Ups White Shoe

id : 18849
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men College Athletic Red Tshirt

id : 17801
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Power Punch White Tshirt

id : 19395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Tshirt

id : 15558
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check White Shirts

id : 10816
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Country Eagle Red Shirt

id : 13469
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Pink Tops

id : 16927
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Solid Charcoal Sweaters

id : 19153
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Red Polo TShirt

id : 19361
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Comfort Black Sandals

id : 12789
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Sajiya Collt White Kurtas

id : 11930
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Shape Black Sports Shoes

id : 14826
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belts

id : 11568
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 13831
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Maroon Sweaters

id : 10015
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men American Glory White Tshirts

id : 15567
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Tan Flats

id : 10829
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 17230
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 18278
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Simi Blue Kurta

id : 13690
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Zigdynamic Sports Shoes

id : 12742
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Solid Black Backpacks

id : 18876
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 19198
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Shirt

id : 1670
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Green Polo T-shirt

id : 10227
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women SLB Bag Purple Handbags

id : 15755
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fitness Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 12928
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Rugby Kingdom Blue Tshirts

id : 17466
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women Zena BR 01 White Bra

id : 12114
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtis

id : 10643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy D Print Blue Tshirts

id : 11791
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 15331
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid White Shorts

id : 10471
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Chrysanthemum Red Tshirts

id : 15103
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Red Kurtas

id : 16786
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Digital Black Watch

id : 17654
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Classic Beige Flats

id : 12326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Black Striped Formal Shirt

id : 16540
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11765
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 10485
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Midrise Blue Jeans

id : 11557
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 14025
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Grey Shorts

id : 16772
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Dial Chronograph Watch ADH2571

id : 11133
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Top Forcer Black Watch

id : 14441
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual White Flats

id : 16316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Navy Blue TShirt

id : 18882
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Laniya White Shirt

id : 16124
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Navy Blue Polo TShirts

id : 13456
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Pink Tops

id : 16918
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 12584
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Green Tshirts

id : 11301
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Custom Jeans

id : 14673
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Navy Blue Shorts

id : 17698
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Bali Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13238
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Brown Tshirts

id : 14821
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Belts

id : 19366
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Pontoise Black Formal Shoes

id : 11937
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 14479
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 11339
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 15799
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Pack of Two White Mid-Rise Briefs

id : 19154
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 16920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Navy Blue Jeans

id : 17208
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 18240
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Red Tshirt

id : 19392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jersey

id : 10811
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Rodeo 47 Tab Pkt Red Shirts

id : 1648
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Quechua  Ultralight Backpack Purple 16 ltr Bag

id : 17806
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Girl Chutki Butterfly White Tshirt

id : 15309
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Galaxy Elite M White Sports Shoes

id : 12910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Mandarin Collar Blue Shirts

id : 18416
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men USA White Shoe

id : 18624
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lifestyle Knitted Cream Sweaters

id : 10449
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Black Polo Tshirts

id : 15907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black Coffee Men Check White Shirt

id : 18885
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Simona Black Shirt

id : 16123
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 13451
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Check Pink Shirts

id : 12583
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Green Tshirts

id : 11306
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Sophia Jeans

id : 14674
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Yellow Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11134
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Dial With Steel finish frame Black Watches

id : 11908
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 19359
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women H01 Combo2 Fashion Hipster Pack of 3 Breifs

id : 10482
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Blue Shirts

id : 11550
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 14022
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Shorts

id : 16775
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Brown Dial Watch ADH2559

id : 13207
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men GT 2160 Running Blue Sports Shoes

id : 16547
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 17495
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Drifter Cat II Flip Flops

id : 13035
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Heels

id : 11762
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Yellow Tshirts

id : 10476
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Pink Shirts

id : 15938
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Belts

id : 15104
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Black Kurtas

id : 16781
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Dial Watch ADH2133

id : 17653
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Casual Blue Slipper

id : 12321
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Blue Striped Formal Shirt

id : 17461
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men Black Analogue & Digital Watch G185

id : 12113
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Blue Printed Kurti

id : 18429
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Laptop Bag

id : 10644
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy D Print Blue Tshirts

id : 11796
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Green Kurtas

id : 15336
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Grey Shorts

id : 17005
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Black Heels

id : 18871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Brown Shoes

id : 17839
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Impel Leather White Sports Shoe

id : 12577
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Black Printed T-shirt

id : 10220
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Mary Pink Handbags

id : 15752
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Bicep Tee Navy Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 14680
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Yellow Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 10012
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men's Breakli Navy Blue Track Pants

id : 15560
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 17237
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid White Polo  Tshirt

id : 13697
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Black Backpack

id : 12745
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Messenger Bag
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Solid Olive Bags

id : 13637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey Premium Sleeveless Crew T-shirt

id : 17297
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 16345
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Pink Shirt

id : 11160
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Grey Ties

id : 14620
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 10280
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Prize Club Leather Black Wedges

id : 13405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Shirts

id : 17899
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Black Jacket

id : 16177
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Sandals

id : 15396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ronin White Slippers

id : 11736
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Maroon T-shirt

id : 18489
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Coupe Black Sandals

id : 13061
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Thread Stich Black Watches

id : 16513
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 12381
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Checks Blue Shirts

id : 13253
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 14076
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 15998
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Brown Shirt

id : 11504
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Flats

id : 15362
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Black Sandals

id : 10610
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Green Polo Tshirts

id : 12147
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Kurtis

id : 13095
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Cfc Auth Hood Green Sweatshirts

id : 17435
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Women Silver Analogue Watches (SH147) LTP-2069D-2A2VDF

id : 17607
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Unisex Classic Steal Sunglasses

id : 1849
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Unbreakable Mumbai T-shirt

id : 14082
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Blue Sweaters

id : 15150
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 12711
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Lunarshift Grey Sports Shoes

id : 17263
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Tibetian Red Polo Tshirt

id : 10046
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Graphic Green Tshirts

id : 15706
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Pack of 3 White Socks

id : 1623
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Unisex Red Backpack

id : 10274
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Dino Limit Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 18019
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Blue Belt

id : 12523
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crocs Kids Girl's Casual Blue Sandals

id : 18825
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Brown Wallet

id : 17051
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Tan
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Venice Slipper

id : 16183
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 14049
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Blue Shirts

id : 1882
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Code Collection Red T-shirt

id : 14875
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Umbrellas
articleType : Umbrellas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Purple Umbrellas

id : 18684
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Brown Premium Bikini Briefs

id : 13862
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cooper Navy Blue Sandal

id : 19100
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Mustard
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Mustard Kurta

id : 16148
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Blue Top

id : 11963
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Sandals

id : 19332
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Jacket

id : 18026
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Pink Wallet

id : 17852
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Up Away White Tshirt

id : 16980
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cell Pavo NM White Sports Shoe

id : 15739
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Transform III Charcoal Sports Shoes

id : 11399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Grey Sweatshirt

id : 11997
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 10845
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Falcon Print Red T-Shirts

id : 10079
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Unisex Twist Black Sandals

id : 18214
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Navy Blue Cap

id : 1876
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Mexican Wave White T-shirt

id : 14881
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 15953
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Solid Black Ties

id : 18670
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Cavander Black Sandals

id : 13298
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Men Solid White Shorts

id : 17638
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Graphic Red Scarf

id : 12178
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18442
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Fragrance Gift Set
baseColour : Pink
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Women Spring Fragrance Gift Set

id : 12944
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Yellow Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 13896
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Retaliate Black Sports Shoes

id : 15701
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 10273
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Black Leather Closed Sandals

id : 1624
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Silver-Black Laptop Backpack

id : 17056
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Sahar Casual Shoe

id : 18822
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Brown Wallet

id : 16184
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 12716
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Visi Pro Grey Sports Shoes

id : 17264
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Limoges Polo Tshirt

id : 11193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Steel dial frame dial White Watches

id : 10041
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Brown Polo T-shirt

id : 12372
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Green Shirts

id : 14085
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check White Sweaters

id : 15157
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Orange Tshirts

id : 10425
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Checks Green Shirt

id : 15365
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Shoes

id : 12140
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Red Kurtas

id : 13092
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Bnce T-Top White Jackets

id : 17432
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Edifice Men Black Dial Chronograph Watch EX044

id : 12386
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Red Shirts

id : 13254
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 14071
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Grey Tshirts

id : 11503
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Blue Flats

id : 11731
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 13066
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Casual Shoes

id : 12988
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Womenlight Winter Black Sweaters Black Sweaters

id : 16514
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 14627
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Tops

id : 11355
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Tops

id : 10287
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Leather Silver Flats

id : 13402
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 19138
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sting Black Sandals

id : 16170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Tan Formal Shoes

id : 13630
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Knitted Black Shorts

id : 17290
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men's Solid Sweater

id : 14415
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Black Wedges

id : 11167
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Brown Shirts

id : 18445
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Love & Luck  Women Perfumes

id : 12943
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 13891
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Team India Blue Jersey

id : 14288
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Maroon Tshirts

id : 10628
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men CL Casual Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 1871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1990 World Cup White T-shirt

id : 15168
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Green Polo Tshirts

id : 14886
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 15954
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Stripes Blue Ties

id : 18677
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Navy Blue Ziggles Flip Flops

id : 11990
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Red Tshirts

id : 10842
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Celebrate Polo Grey T-Shirt

id : 18213
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Black Cap

id : 12729
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 16389
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Maroon Shirt

id : 17855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Navy Blue Brief

id : 18021
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Stripes Pink Belt

id : 16987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men MM Blue Flip Flops

id : 17069
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Weaved  Grey Belt

id : 11964
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Slipper

id : 11158
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripe Grey Ties

id : 19335
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Jacket

id : 19107
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid Tshirts

id : 16973
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cooper Black Sandal

id : 14618
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 3 Brown Socks

id : 13059
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Broad Strap Steel Watches

id : 13865
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 1885
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1904 Heritage Shorts

id : 14872
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Umbrellas
articleType : Umbrellas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Blue Umbrellas

id : 18683
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Navy Blue Premium Bikini Briefs

id : 16719
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Solid Black Jacket

id : 10413
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 13296
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed White Tshirts

id : 12344
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Beige Trousers

id : 17636
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Graphic Purple Scarf

id : 12176
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13898
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Ballista Sl White Sports Shoes

id : 15353
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 14281
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Hydroclimb Hybrid Casual Shoe

id : 10621
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Silver
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Silver Solid Open Toe

id : 12512
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 18028
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Black Wallet

id : 17060
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Print Red Belt

id : 18814
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Khaki
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Khakhi Belt

id : 15737
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air  Quick Handle Black Sports Shoes

id : 10245
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women TMK Green Green Handbags

id : 1612
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Orange & White Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 11397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light WinterSweater Black Sweaters

id : 11999
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 15505
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 12720
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Casual Black Sandals

id : 16380
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Dark Brown Trouser

id : 17252
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 13434
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Yellow Tshirts

id : 16146
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Grey Top

id : 17094
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap Brown Wallet

id : 14611
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Socks

id : 11363
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Tshirt

id : 10083
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Hanavi II Green Flip Flops

id : 11151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Grey Ties

id : 16374
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Trouser

id : 15195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 14047
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 11535
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 13262
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13050
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check White Shirts

id : 12182
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 16522
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11707
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Purple Check Shirt

id : 18225
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 10874
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Wrangler Station Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 10048
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Social Sport Black Tshirts

id : 15708
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Nike Classic Backpack Blue Backpack

id : 17863
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Maroon Brief

id : 18017
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Black Belt

id : 18473
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Calcetto Black Casual Shoes

id : 12149
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Blue Kurtis

id : 12975
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Allegra Grey Sports Shoes

id : 18641
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men  Powercat Graphic Black Tshirts

id : 17609
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girls Raindrops White Tshirts

id : 1847
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Messy T-shirt

id : 15962
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Khaki Jacket

id : 15398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Impact Black & White Sports Shoes

id : 11738
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Blue T-shirt

id : 18487
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13853
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 12981
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Mens Calo 3 Black Flip Flops

id : 14078
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 15996
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Blue Shirt

id : 14844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 19303
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Waffle Racer II Red Sports Shoes

id : 13639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue Crew Duo Dry Body Fit Crew T-shirt

id : 17299
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 10880
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men All The Way Photo Print Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 19131
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sign Grey Slippers

id : 16945
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Pink Sunglasses

id : 17897
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Black Jacket

id : 16179
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Casual Shoes

id : 13057
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women White Dial Watch 2298SM02

id : 12185
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11700
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Green Shirts

id : 15192
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Yellow Polo Tshirts

id : 14040
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 11532
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Tops

id : 11156
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Red Ties

id : 16373
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Charcoal Trouser

id : 19109
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid T- Shirts

id : 13433
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 16141
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Yellow Top

id : 17093
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower DK.Brown Wallet

id : 14616
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 3 Grey Socks

id : 11364
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Magenta Top

id : 15502
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 10070
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Large logo tee Pink Tshirts

id : 12727
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Solid Green Polo T-Shirts

id : 16387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Orange Shirt

id : 17255
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 16989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lynx Black Slipper

id : 12515
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Black Shoes

id : 18813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Navy Blue Belt

id : 17067
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Stripes Beige Belt

id : 15730
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Downshifter 4 MSL Black Sports Shoes

id : 1615
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Navy Blue Polo T-shirt

id : 10242
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Mary Grey Handbags

id : 12171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Orange Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 17403
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Navy Blue Socks

id : 15354
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 14286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Trouser Grey Trousers

id : 10626
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men CL Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 15166
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Red Polo Tshirts

id : 10414
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple T-shirt

id : 14888
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Coffee Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Coffee Brown Handbags

id : 13291
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Green Tshirts

id : 18679
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men  Brown Boxer Trunks

id : 17631
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Fitness Lux Grey Handbag

id : 14629
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Pink Scarves

id : 10289
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Soma Silk Leather Black Heels

id : 16942
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Purple  Sunglasses

id : 19136
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sting II Black Sandals

id : 17890
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Cruiser Maroon Innerwear Vest

id : 19304
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Black Benassi Swoosh     NSW  Flip Flops

id : 11955
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11169
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Green Sweaters

id : 12388
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Printed Maroon Ties

id : 14843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 13068
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 18480
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Super Elevate Black Casual Shoes

id : 13854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 12986
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Agony White Shoes

id : 18646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Purple Shirt

id : 15965
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Black Jacket

id : 10619
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Silver
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Silver Flats

id : 18474
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Calcetto White Casual Shoes

id : 12972
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Eqt Runbox Blue Sports Shoes

id : 18010
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Stripes Green Belt

id : 17864
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Black Brief

id : 17058
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Graphic Black Belt

id : 12718
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Impetus II White Sports Shoes

id : 18222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Stripes White Socks

id : 10873
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Wrangler Station Grey T-Shirts

id : 1649
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Comfy Cool Blue Shoe

id : 17807
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Rust
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Yeh Dosthi Rust Tshirt

id : 18241
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Red Tshirt

id : 19393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stripes Green Sweater

id : 17209
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 10810
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Mark Rodeo Riveted Blue Shirts

id : 18625
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heritage Polo Ribbon Red Tshirt

id : 10448
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 15308
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Galaxy Elite M Black Sports Shoes

id : 18417
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Shape-Ups Silver Shoes

id : 13239
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Brown Tshirts

id : 17699
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men E-Street Brown Casual Shoes

id : 14820
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Green Belts

id : 13837
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex White Strap White Watches

id : 15798
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men White String Bikini Briefs

id : 11338
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Tops

id : 16921
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 19155
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Yellow TShirt

id : 19367
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Candy Tan Casual Shoes

id : 11936
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 14478
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Red Flats

id : 12112
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtis

id : 18428
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Laptop Bag

id : 17460
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men Black Analogue-Digital Watch GA-110GB-1ADR G339

id : 15337
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Olive Tracksuits

id : 10645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Athlethic Red Tshirts

id : 15105
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Black Kurtas

id : 10477
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Blue Shirts

id : 15939
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Belts

id : 12320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Brown Striped Shirt

id : 16780
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Brown Dial Chronograph Watch ADH2563

id : 17652
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Casual Red Slipper

id : 15561
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 10013
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Ss Cruiser Yellow T-Shirts

id : 13696
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Silver Astar ride 3M Backpack

id : 12744
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Solid Beige Bags

id : 17236
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 17838
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Steady VIII White Casual Shoe

id : 12576
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Black Printed T-shirt

id : 18870
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Grey Core Track Pants

id : 17004
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Brown Ballerinas

id : 15753
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Square Neck Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 14681
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Polo T-shirt

id : 10221
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Emma Green Handbags

id : 11909
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 14447
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual  Coral Red Casual Shoes

id : 11135
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Visor Multifunction Silver white Black Watches

id : 13662
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Blue Stripe Shirt

id : 13450
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid White Shirts

id : 12582
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed White Tshirts

id : 18884
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Piper Red Shirt

id : 16122
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men White Polo Tshirt

id : 14675
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Printed Black Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11307
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Michelle Jeans

id : 16546
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 17494
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Navy Blue Drifter Cat II Flip Flops

id : 14023
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Shorts

id : 10483
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Damson Maroon Tshirts

id : 11551
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 13206
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men GT 2160 Running Black Sports Shoes

id : 16774
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex White Dial Watch ADH2127

id : 12788
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Renu Pink Kurtis

id : 19360
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women H01 Combo3 Fashion Hipster Pack of 3 Breifs

id : 11931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Shape Black Sports Shoes

id : 13468
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Green Tshirts

id : 19152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Grey T-shirt

id : 16926
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Blue Tshirt

id : 10689
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Casual White Tshirts

id : 13830
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 11569
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 18410
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Tone-Ups Brown Sandals

id : 12916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Live My Space Black T-Shirts

id : 17458
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men Black Analogue-Digital Watch GA-100-1A4DR G272

id : 12318
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Red Shirts

id : 18622
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team Essential Polo Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 15901
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Sport Flop Brown Slippers

id : 18246
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Grey Tshirt

id : 19394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Jacket

id : 10817
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Urban Raiser Green Shirts

id : 10219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Strap dial Yellow Watches

id : 17800
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Girl I Love to Play Green Tshirt

id : 18848
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men College Athletic Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 14024
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Shorts

id : 10484
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men FS Purple Shirts

id : 11556
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtis

id : 13201
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Women Ilyeo II Running White Sports Shoes

id : 16773
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Dial Chronograph Watch ADH2572

id : 13033
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Heels

id : 16541
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 17493
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Red Winglet II Flip Flops

id : 11764
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Pink Tshirts

id : 13457
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid White Shirts

id : 12585
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 16919
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 18883
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Payton Navy Blue Shirt

id : 16125
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Blue Polo TShirt

id : 14672
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Navy Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 14440
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual White Flats

id : 11132
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Beat Black Dial Digital Watch

id : 16317
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed White TShirt

id : 19199
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men White Check Shirt

id : 17003
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Blue Heels

id : 18877
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Celesta Red Shirt

id : 15754
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Sportz Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 14686
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 10226
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Rubena Black Handbags

id : 1671
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Black Polo T-shirt

id : 15566
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Brown Heels

id : 10828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 10014
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Feather lite Blue Caps

id : 13691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Premier Zigfly Sports Shoes

id : 12743
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Messenger Bag
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Solid Olive Bags

id : 17231
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 15102
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 10470
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Grey Tshirts

id : 12327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Pink Striped Formal Shirt

id : 16787
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Digital Grey Watch

id : 17655
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Pumps Black Peep Toes

id : 12115
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Beige Kurtas

id : 12929
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Narrow Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 15330
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Shorts

id : 10642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy D Print Red Tshirts

id : 11790
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Green Printed Kurta

id : 16548
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 14811
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Maroon Handbags

id : 13208
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel Enduro 7 Running Black Sports Shoes

id : 14449
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual  Coral Red Casual Shoes

id : 11907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 19356
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women B01 Combo2 Fashion  Low-Rise Pack of 3 Breifs

id : 18284
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Anu Pink Kurta

id : 16910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Printed Blue Sweatshirt

id : 11309
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : nan
season : Fall
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Floyd Jeans

id : 10821
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Parma Reversible Blue Shirts

id : 18270
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Surbhi Black Kurta

id : 13698
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex White  Snova Sequence 4M Backpack

id : 17238
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Black  Polo Tshirt

id : 12578
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Purple Printed T-shirt

id : 17836
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solarsoft Thong Pink Slipper

id : 18042
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Camel Handbag

id : 1678
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Play Hard Cotton Green T-shirt

id : 12920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Blue Shoes

id : 15339
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Grey Shorts

id : 11799
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Maroon Kurtas

id : 1812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Solognac Men Green T-shirt

id : 15937
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Belts

id : 10479
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men FS Red Shirts

id : 18614
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team SS Bluenights Navy Tshirts

id : 14644
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Classic Black Shirts

id : 15796
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Grey Briefs

id : 11336
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13461
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Black Shirts

id : 16113
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Brown Slipper

id : 19369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Stone Wall Blue Casual Shoes

id : 12781
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Apparel Set
articleType : Kurta Sets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Cotton Black Salwar Suit

id : 13653
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Brown Agora Lea Casual Shoe

id : 16321
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Purple TShirt

id : 14476
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Steelblue Heels

id : 11938
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 11104
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 13237
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Washed Blue Shorts

id : 17697
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Bali Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16745
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Zircons Grey Clutch

id : 14012
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 11560
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtas

id : 10680
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Blue Solid Sling Bag

id : 13839
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Round Dial Black Watches

id : 12311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Blue Shirt

id : 17663
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Pumps Brown Heels

id : 15134
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Brown Trousers

id : 11594
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 15908
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black Coffee Men Stripes White Shirt

id : 10446
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Red Polo Tshirts

id : 15306
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Vanquish 5 M Black Sports Shoes

id : 10674
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Princess White Tops

id : 18419
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Shape-Ups Black Shoe

id : 12123
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Brown Kurtas

id : 17451
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Women Steel-Toned Analogue Watch A446 

id : 15762
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Olive Innerwear Vest

id : 10210
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Kkhh Red Handbags

id : 1647
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Unisex Ultralight 16 Ltr Green Backpack

id : 17809
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Chhota Bheem and Krishna Multi Tshirt

id : 13495
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Shit Happens Yellow Tshirts

id : 17035
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Romance Casual Shoe

id : 18841
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Tan Belt

id : 12775
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Chogun Aug Collt Blue Kurtas

id : 17207
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 14482
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Black Shoes

id : 15550
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Pack of 3 White Socks

id : 10022
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 18613
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team SS Chive-Olive Tshirts

id : 12329
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 16789
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Regent Polo Men Check Black Shirt

id : 18421
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Shape-Ups White Shoe

id : 12927
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 19197
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Grey Striped Shirt

id : 18045
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Sequin Blue Wallet

id : 17831
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max 1 Black Casual Shoe

id : 18879
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Joanna Navy Blue Shirt

id : 14688
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Beige Trousers

id : 10228
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women SLB Bag Green Handbags

id : 10826
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men White Polo Tshirts

id : 15568
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Green Flats

id : 18277
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Navya Multi Kurta

id : 16917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 19163
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Red TShirt

id : 13459
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 11900
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 19351
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Navy Blue Shoes

id : 18283
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Cleo Purple Kurta

id : 16319
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Purple TShirt

id : 11558
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 14816
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Handbags

id : 12772
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Classic Blue Kurtas

id : 18248
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 17200
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Tibetian Red Sweater

id : 10819
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men City Work Black Shirts

id : 14485
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 15557
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Blue Sweaters

id : 10025
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Element Ja Pink T-Shirt

id : 15765
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Hunk Yellow Innerwear Vest

id : 10217
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Kkhh Pink Handbags

id : 12540
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Blue Printed T-shirt

id : 18846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Print Yellow Chrome Tshirt

id : 17032
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : GAS Men Red Europa Sneakers

id : 15301
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Ranger White Sports Shoes

id : 10673
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Ballet School Black Tops

id : 12124
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Maroon Kurtas

id : 17456
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Cream
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Women Cream-Coloured Dial Chronograph Watch SH61

id : 12918
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripe Black T-Shirts

id : 12316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check White Shirts

id : 17664
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Pumps Blue Casual Shoe

id : 11593
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtis

id : 10441
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men FS Purple Shirts

id : 11755
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid White Shirts

id : 13002
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Red Flats

id : 13230
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Washed Blue Shorts

id : 17690
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Chukka Low Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16742
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Beads White Clutch

id : 14015
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Off-White Polo Jerseys

id : 11567
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 12786
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Renu Green Kurtas

id : 13654
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Black Speed Boat Casual Shoe

id : 16326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Pink Shirt

id : 11103
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 14643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Classic White White Shirts

id : 15791
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Charcoal Comfort Briefs

id : 11331
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16928
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Solid Black Sweater

id : 13466
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 16114
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Black Slipper

id : 17066
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Print Black Belt

id : 18812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Olive Belt

id : 12514
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Formal Brown Formal Shoes

id : 16988
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Miami Black Slipper

id : 10243
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Emma Red Handbags

id : 1614
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok T-shirt White Polo Tshirt

id : 11391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Black Polo T-shirt

id : 15731
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Liteforce Green Casual Shoes

id : 10071
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women bling blink tee White Tshirts

id : 15503
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 17254
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Tibetian Red Tshirt

id : 12726
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Solid Green  Plo T-Shirts

id : 14889
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Travel Accessory
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Olive Bags

id : 10415
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Beige Tops

id : 17630
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Messenger Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Jamaica Lifestyle Black Messenger Bag

id : 18678
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Boxer  Trunks

id : 13290
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid Pink Dresses

id : 17402
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Multi
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Multi Socks

id : 12170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Solid White Slim Fit Shirt

id : 10627
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Brown Slip-On Shoes

id : 15355
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Navy Blue Shoes

id : 14287
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Formal Shirt White Shirts

id : 11533
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Blue Tshirt

id : 15193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 14041
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Brown Shirts

id : 13264
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Solid Pink Skirts

id : 16524
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 13056
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Burgundy
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Burgundy Dial Watch 2166SL02

id : 12184
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11701
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check White Shirts

id : 16140
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Orange Top

id : 17092
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap Navy Blue Wallet

id : 19108
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid Tshirts

id : 13432
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 11365
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Tops

id : 14617
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 3 Cream Socks

id : 11157
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Printed Black Ties

id : 14425
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Tan Flats

id : 10618
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Slippers

id : 12973
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Court Switch White Sports Shoes

id : 18475
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Racer Bright Green Sports Shoes

id : 15964
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Khaki Jacket

id : 1841
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Calibre Convertible Spike Shoe

id : 12719
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Butterfly Thong Green Flip Flops

id : 18223
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Stripes Red Socks

id : 10872
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Dirtcross Blue T-Shirts

id : 17059
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Stripes White Belt

id : 17865
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Green Brief

id : 18011
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Blue Belt

id : 19305
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Force 1 Navy Blue Sports Shoe

id : 11168
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Brown Shirts

id : 10886
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Cream Mark Your Territory T-shirt

id : 11954
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 10288
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Shona Fringe Leather Brown Flats

id : 14628
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Sweat Shirts

id : 19137
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sting II Brown Sandals

id : 16943
gender : Women
masterCategory : Free Items
subCategory : Free Gifts
articleType : Free Gifts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Black Sunglasses

id : 17891
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Cruiser Navy Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 13855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid Blue Trousers

id : 12987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Mountainaire Black Casual Shoe

id : 18481
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Future Cat Blue Casual Shoes

id : 13069
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Green Casual Shoes

id : 16729
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Mega Sport Navy Blue Slipper

id : 12389
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Green Ties

id : 15990
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Black Shirt

id : 14842
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Wallets

id : 10082
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Aviator Grey Sports Shoes

id : 11150
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Women Sqaure dial Pink Watches

id : 16375
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Trouser

id : 13607
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Sleeveless Crew Grey Innerwear T-shirt

id : 16147
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Grey Top

id : 17095
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap Black Wallet

id : 13435
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 11362
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women  Printed Beige Top

id : 14610
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Purple Socks

id : 13051
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 12183
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11706
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 11534
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 15194
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 13263
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Solid Pink Skirts

id : 17405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Green Socks

id : 12177
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Shirt

id : 10620
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Gold Slippers

id : 15352
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Brown Shoes

id : 10412
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 15160
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Orange Polo Tshirts

id : 1879
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1982 Spain Red T-shirt

id : 17637
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Graphic Black Scarf

id : 13297
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed White Tshirts

id : 12345
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Saree
articleType : Sarees
baseColour : Maroon
season : Spring
year : 2018.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Xoxo Women Maroon Pure Georgette Solid Ready-to-wear Saree

id : 10076
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Large logo tee Black Tshirts

id : 15504
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 11998
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 16381
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Trouser

id : 17253
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Ivory Tshirt

id : 12721
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Casual Black Sandals

id : 18815
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Olive Wallet

id : 17061
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Design Light Brown Belt

id : 12513
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Brown Shoes

id : 18029
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Printed Grey Black Handbag

id : 1613
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men White Polo Tshirt

id : 10244
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Emma Beige Handbags

id : 11396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Purple Tshirts

id : 15736
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sweet Classic high White Casual Shoes

id : 15997
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men White Shirt

id : 14845
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Wallets

id : 14079
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11739
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Red T-shirt

id : 15399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Zoom White Casual Shoes

id : 13852
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 12980
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Mens Calo Lea M Brown Flip Flops

id : 18486
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16178
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 19130
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Racing Grey Slippers

id : 17896
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Football Red Jersey

id : 17298
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 19302
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Waffle Racer II Black Sports Shoes

id : 11953
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Beige Casual Shoes

id : 15709
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Whirlwind Classic Green Sports Shoes

id : 18016
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Olive Belt

id : 17862
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Navy Blue Trunks

id : 18224
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Red Tshirt

id : 10049
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Mns Body Train Black Tshirts

id : 10875
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Motor City Grey T-Shirts

id : 17608
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Sporty Girl dark Pink Tshirts

id : 18640
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men V.11 Cat Black Tshirts

id : 15963
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Black Jacket

id : 1846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Buddha Bless You T-shirt

id : 12974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Ambition Logo White Sports Shoes

id : 18472
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reecharge Men Perfumes

id : 12148
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Blue Kurti

id : 11730
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Solid Yellow T-shirt

id : 16515
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 12989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Duramo Synthetic White Sports Shoes

id : 13067
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Shoes

id : 12387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Orange Shirts

id : 13255
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Check White Shorts

id : 11502
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Silver Flats

id : 14070
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 17291
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Elements  Men Trouser

id : 16343
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 11166
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Purple Shirt

id : 14414
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Silver Flats

id : 11354
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Mickey Blue Powell Fit Jeans

id : 10286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Hang Tough Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 14626
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Sweat Shirts

id : 16171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 13403
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Shirts

id : 19139
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sting  Black Sandals

id : 17265
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Limoges Polo Tshirt

id : 12717
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Backboard White Casual Shoes

id : 11192
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Steel dial frame dial Black Watches

id : 10040
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men White Polo Tshirts

id : 15532
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Pack Of 3 Grey Socks

id : 1625
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Men Quick Dry T-shirt

id : 10272
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Soma Silk Graphite Leather Grey Heels

id : 15700
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Pink Flats

id : 18823
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Black Wallet

id : 17057
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Sahar Casual Shoe

id : 16185
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 10616
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Glitterati Gold Slippers

id : 15364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 17433
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Sheen Women White Dial Chronograph Watch (SH100) SHN-3008D-7ADR

id : 12141
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Black Kurtas

id : 13093
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Badge P/O Black Sweaters

id : 17601
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Men Classic Grey Sunglasses

id : 18649
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ocassion Grey Slippers

id : 10424
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Red Polo T-shirt

id : 14084
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Blue Sweaters

id : 16972
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cooper Black Sandal

id : 19106
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Black Kurta

id : 14619
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Stockings

id : 11159
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Black Stripe Blue Ties

id : 11965
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Grey Sandals

id : 19334
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Maroon Jacket

id : 14873
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Umbrellas
articleType : Umbrellas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Purple Umbrellas

id : 1884
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1905 Heritage Collection Track Pants

id : 18682
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Premium Bikini Briefs

id : 13864
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 13058
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Funky Digits Black Watches

id : 15955
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Solid Purple Ties

id : 1870
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1990 World Cup Black T-shirt

id : 15169
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sports Men Stripes Grey T-Shirt

id : 12942
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 13890
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Purple Tops

id : 18444
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Fragrance Gift Set
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Fragrance Gift Set

id : 10629
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 14289
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Grey Tshirts

id : 17068
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Check White Belt

id : 18020
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Printed Red Belt

id : 17854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Green Brief

id : 16986
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Miami Black Flip Flops

id : 11991
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Grey Tshirts

id : 10843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Grey T-shirt

id : 16388
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Brown Shirt

id : 18212
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid White Cap

id : 12728
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 17606
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Unisex Classic Black Sunglasses

id : 12374
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 10423
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Checks Grey Shirts

id : 14083
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Stripes Purple Sweaters

id : 1848
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Wolf

id : 15151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 10611
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men FS Green Shirts

id : 15363
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 17434
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Sheen Women Pink Dial Chronograph Watch SX005 SHN-5015L-4ADR

id : 12146
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Pink Kurtis

id : 13094
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Badge P/O Grey Sweaters

id : 10275
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Black Leather Derbys

id : 1622
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Navy Knit Rib Jacket

id : 15707
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Pack of 3 Black Socks

id : 17050
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Malibu Slipper

id : 18824
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Black Wallet

id : 16182
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Tan Formal Shoes

id : 18018
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Black Belt

id : 12522
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Brown Shoes

id : 17262
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Dk.Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 12710
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Mercurial Victory Silver Sports Shoes

id : 10047
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Graphic Black Tshirts

id : 15535
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Pack Of 3 Black And Grey Socks

id : 11353
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Sanskrit Blue Rodeo Fit Jeans

id : 10281
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Hang Spring Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 14621
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes White Tshirts

id : 16176
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 17898
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Grey Jacket

id : 13404
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Shirts

id : 17296
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 16344
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 11161
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 12380
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 13252
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid Black Shirts

id : 11505
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Black Flats

id : 15999
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Purple Shirt

id : 14077
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Grey Polo  Tshirts

id : 11737
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Green T-shirt

id : 15397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Zoom Black Casual Shoes

id : 16512
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13060
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Square Dial Steel Watches

id : 18488
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Stetchable Blue Jeans

id : 10078
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Speed Mode White Sports Shoes

id : 11996
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Red Tshirts

id : 10844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Cowboy Freedom Green T-Shirts

id : 18215
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Black Socks

id : 17853
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Grey Brief

id : 18027
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Purple Wallet

id : 16981
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Arizona Blue Slipper

id : 11398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Winter Brown Shirt

id : 15738
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Black Flip Flops

id : 12945
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Brown Slim Fit Shirt

id : 13897
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Mikumi Black Sandals

id : 12179
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 18443
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Fragrance Gift Set
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Love & Luck  Men Fragrance Gift Set

id : 14880
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 15952
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Check Brown Ties

id : 1877
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Mexican Wave Grey T-shirt

id : 17639
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Darsey Black Scarf

id : 13299
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Men Solid White Shorts

id : 18671
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Cavander Grey Sandals

id : 13863
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 11708
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Green Shirts

id : 14874
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Umbrellas
articleType : Umbrellas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Stripes Purple Umbrellas

id : 1883
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Heritage Collection Grey Track Pants

id : 14048
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 18685
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey Premium Bikini Briefs

id : 11962
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Slipper

id : 13609
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Sleeveless Crew Red Innerwear T-shirt

id : 19333
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Navy Blue Jacket

id : 16149
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed White T-shirt

id : 19101
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Solid Sea Blue Kurta

id : 16975
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rover Grey Sandal

id : 13216
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid White Shirts

id : 16764
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Flap Handle White Handbags

id : 14033
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Green Shirts

id : 11541
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 10493
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women VN White Tshirts

id : 11773
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 13818
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Navy & Grey Colourblocked Beanie

id : 17484
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Casual Tan Casual Shoe

id : 16556
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Printed Sweatshirt

id : 14665
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11317
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Washed Black Jeans

id : 12592
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Green Tshirts

id : 13440
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 16132
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed White T-shirt

id : 18894
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Lida Black Dress

id : 19348
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Suede Moccasin Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 13672
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Kids Blue Solid Jean

id : 14457
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Black Ballerinas

id : 15585
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Blue Printed Sweatshirt

id : 11919
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 11125
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid Black Track Pants

id : 14691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Tan Trousers

id : 15743
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Downshifter 4 MSL White Sports Shoes

id : 10231
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Claudia Red Handbags

id : 17828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max 1 White Casual Shoe

id : 18860
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men White Grafitti T-shirt

id : 12754
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Ep Jeans Blue Jeans

id : 13686
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Adi Sunshine Flip Flops

id : 17226
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 15571
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Spare Me TShirt

id : 10003
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Nike Eleme White T-Shirt

id : 17642
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Headband
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Cat Red Headband

id : 15115
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men TR Finish Navy Blue Trousers

id : 15929
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex BP Lspring Black Backpack

id : 10467
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 15327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 10655
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Denim skirt with belt Blue Skirts

id : 18438
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Black Unisex Backpack

id : 12102
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 14468
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Gold Heels

id : 11926
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Tone Black Slippers

id : 16931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Solid Green Tshirt

id : 19145
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Red SweatShirt

id : 15788
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men String BK Charcoal Briefs

id : 11328
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid Black Sweaters

id : 13229
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Solid Navy Blue Trousers

id : 17689
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Weaved Strap White Flats

id : 18407
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women D'lites White Shoe

id : 15318
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed White Sweatshirts

id : 1833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men's Ballista Shoe

id : 10458
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Green Polo Tshirts

id : 18635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Bts Red Tshirts

id : 10800
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Wander Wheels Blue Shirt

id : 17219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 17817
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Black Sandal

id : 15320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 11780
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 10652
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Denim skirt with belt Blue Skirts

id : 12105
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtis

id : 12939
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 12337
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Navy Blue Polo T-Shirts

id : 17645
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Casual Red Slipper

id : 16797
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes Black Shirt

id : 15112
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men TR Finish Olive Trousers

id : 10460
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Green Polo Tshirts

id : 12753
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Ep Jeans Black Jeans

id : 13681
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Furano 3 Sports Shoes

id : 18269
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Monalisa Black Tunic

id : 17221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 15576
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Double Trouble TShirt

id : 10004
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As 7 Sw Temp Grey Shorts

id : 14696
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Olive Trousers

id : 15744
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Lunarglide+ 3 White Sports Shoes

id : 10236
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Strap dial Orange Watches

id : 19189
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men White Shirt

id : 17013
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Gold Toned Flats

id : 18867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Grey Knits Panel Shorts

id : 13675
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men TX-3 Running Shoes

id : 14450
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Silver Casual Shoes

id : 14662
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11310
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Black Texas Jeans

id : 12595
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Black Tshirts

id : 16909
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Grey Sweatshirt

id : 13447
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Pink Tshirts

id : 16135
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed White Top

id : 18893
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Eleana Purple Top

id : 11774
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 13023
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Red Heels

id : 17483
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Casual Navy Blue Casual Shoe

id : 16551
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Printed T-shirt

id : 13211
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Women Gel Pulse 3 Running Black Sports Shoes

id : 16763
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Shimmer Black Handbags

id : 14034
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 11546
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Grey Kurtas

id : 14808
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Maroon Handbags

id : 10494
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 17810
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Chhota Bheem and Krishna Multi Tshirt

id : 18858
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Generation Red Polo Tshirt

id : 10209
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Kkhh Grey Handbags

id : 10807
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Stampede Printed Stripe Black Shirts

id : 15549
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Pack of 3 Socks

id : 18256
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Anrtara Multi Kurta

id : 18632
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men GP Speed Red Tshirts

id : 18400
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Fusion Grey Shoe

id : 17448
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Men Steel-Toned Analogue Watch BS121

id : 11579
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 14837
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Black Belt

id : 10699
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Houston Yellow Ice Orange Watches

id : 19142
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Rapid Black Sandals

id : 16936
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13478
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Black Flats

id : 11921
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Leather Formal Shoes

id : 12798
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Arsenal Navy Blue Jersey

id : 19370
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Tango Black Formal Shoes

id : 16338
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 15540
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Unisex Solid Navy Blue Caps

id : 14492
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 10032
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS FCB Core T Black T-shirts

id : 12765
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Black Jeans

id : 17217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 17819
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Black Formal Shoe

id : 13485
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Rocia Black Formal Shoe Black Formal Shoes

id : 12557
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Men Red Printed T-shirt

id : 17025
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Beach Slipper

id : 18851
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Head Red Tshirt

id : 15772
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fusion Brie Red Briefs

id : 10200
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Emma Beige Handbags

id : 1657
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men's White High Wire Shoe

id : 12133
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Kurtas

id : 18409
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Prospeed Black Shoe

id : 17441
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Men White Dial Watch ED153

id : 15316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Vigor Green Casual Shoes

id : 10664
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Rockstar-sing it Yellow Tshirts

id : 15124
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men TR Finish Grey Trousers

id : 10456
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 11584
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Grey Kurtis

id : 15918
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex BP Cable Black Backpack

id : 17673
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Pumps

id : 13015
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Maroon Sandals

id : 16567
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : AND by Anita Dongre Women Printed Red Dresses

id : 13829
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Purple Sweaters

id : 10690
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Mummy daddy me Yellow Tshirts

id : 11742
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 14002
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Jerseys

id : 11570
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 13227
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Brown Tshirts

id : 16755
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Cherry Maroon Clutch

id : 17687
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Classic White Heels

id : 11928
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Tone White Sports Shoes

id : 14466
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Taupe
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Taupe Heels

id : 11114
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 13643
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Yellow Sandals

id : 19379
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Boxers
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Surge Green Boxer Shorts

id : 12791
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Manchester United Red Jerseys

id : 16331
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 13471
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Tunic

id : 16103
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 15786
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Blue Comfort Briefs

id : 14654
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Funky Music Aqua Blue Tshirts

id : 18604
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Canvas Multi Colour Belt

id : 1802
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Men's Arpenaz Flex Yellow Shoe

id : 10469
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Yellow Polo Tshirts

id : 15927
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex ADP1810 Red Backpack

id : 15329
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid White Sweaters

id : 11789
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Pink Kurtas

id : 18436
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Red Daypack Backpack

id : 12930
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Club Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 1668
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Playdry Full Sleeved T-shirt Red

id : 17826
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Court Majestic White Casual Shoe

id : 18052
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Turquoise Blue Wallet

id : 19180
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check White Shirt

id : 12568
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Men Printed Brown T-shirt

id : 18260
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Trisha Brown Kurta

id : 13688
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Unisex Hyperrun 5K Sports Shoes

id : 17228
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 10831
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men American Music Folk Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 11319
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Washed Blue Capris

id : 19174
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check White Shirt

id : 16900
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Green Polo Tshirt

id : 18294
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women N Jashn Purple Kurta

id : 11917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 13218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid White Shirts

id : 14801
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 13816
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Pack of 3 Printed T-shirts

id : 13476
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Tan
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Brown Flats

id : 16938
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 15781
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Black Comfort Briefs

id : 14653
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Art Jam White Tshirts

id : 14461
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Taupe
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Taupe Wedges

id : 11113
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check White Shirt

id : 13644
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Silver Flats

id : 12796
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Grafitti Black T-shirt

id : 16336
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Purple Shirt

id : 14005
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Red Jerseys

id : 14839
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 11577
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtas

id : 13220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 16752
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Zircons Gold Clutch

id : 17680
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Flower Grey Heels

id : 13012
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Flats

id : 11745
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Red Polo Tshirts

id : 15123
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Grey Trousers

id : 10451
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11583
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 17674
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Ballerina Red Casual Shoe

id : 12134
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Pink and Yellow Kurtas

id : 12908
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check Red Shirts

id : 17446
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Men Black Dial Analogue Watch BS120 

id : 15311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Hispana M Beige Sandals

id : 13482
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Black Flats

id : 18856
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Generation White Polo Tshirt

id : 17022
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Black Sandal

id : 15775
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Stringz White Briefs

id : 10207
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hths Brown Handbags

id : 15547
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Pack Of 3 Grey Socks

id : 10809
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Mark Rodeo Riveted Black Shirts

id : 14495
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 10035
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Runtone Action Brown Sports Shoes

id : 18258
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Sanjeeda Green Kurta

id : 12762
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 17210
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 13811
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Maroon Checked Muffler

id : 14806
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Handbags

id : 11548
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Black Kurtas

id : 18293
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Barkha Red Kurta

id : 19341
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Blazer Jacket

id : 11910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 13449
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Shirts

id : 16907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Navy Blue Sweatshirt

id : 19173
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 18267
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Navranga Multi Kurta

id : 15578
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check White Shirts

id : 10836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Urban Folk White T-Shirts

id : 14698
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Beige Trousers

id : 10238
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Axis Day Steel Watches

id : 18055
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Brown Wallet

id : 17821
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Black Casual Shoe

id : 19187
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 18869
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Black Core Track Pants

id : 18431
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Laptop Bag

id : 12937
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 17479
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : Skin
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women Sofia BR 15  Skin Bra

id : 12339
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 18603
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Leather Black Belt

id : 16799
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Grey Trouser

id : 1805
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Quechua Men Forclaz 1OO Beige Shoe

id : 15920
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Adiz Hydro Bp Black Backpack

id : 14852
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Wallets

id : 16739
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Crystal Flower Black Clutch

id : 12399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Cream Socks

id : 12997
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Kids Boys Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13845
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 18491
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sideline Black Jacket

id : 13079
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Casual Shoes

id : 17881
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Black Innerwear Vest

id : 19127
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Straight Navy Blue Slippers

id : 16953
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 10298
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Soma Silk Leather White Heels

id : 14638
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Double Pattern Check White Shirts

id : 11178
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Steel dial Silver Watches

id : 11944
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Blue Sandals

id : 19315
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Casual Black Backpack

id : 17049
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Malibu Sandals

id : 17875
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Black Innerwear Vest

id : 18001
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Black Essential Skinny Capris

id : 10862
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Dirt Riders Yellow T-Shirts

id : 18233
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Red Tshirt

id : 12709
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Impetus Grey Sports Shoes

id : 15974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men White Shirt

id : 18657
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Splash Black Basketball Sports Shoes

id : 12963
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sports Blue Sports Shoes

id : 18465
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reefresh Women Perfumes

id : 10608
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Forcer 3HD White Dial Watch

id : 16362
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 11147
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Fil A Fil Purple Shirts

id : 10095
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Reeflex Run Blue Sports Shoes

id : 11375
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Winter White Shirt

id : 14607
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Brown Socks

id : 17082
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Red Wallet

id : 16150
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 13422
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Polo T-shirts

id : 19118
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Unisex Shine Black Slippers

id : 11711
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Solid Grey Shirts

id : 16534
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed PinkTop

id : 12194
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 11523
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Green Tshirts

id : 14051
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check  Navy Blue Shirts

id : 15183
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Check Blue Sweaters

id : 10637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2014.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 14297
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 15345
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Blue Sweatshirts

id : 17412
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men T-Effect IV White Sports Shoe

id : 12160
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Yellow Leggings

id : 17620
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girls Red Leggings

id : 13280
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Multi Flats

id : 14899
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Wallets

id : 10405
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Top Black Top

id : 15177
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Navy Blue Sweaters

id : 17244
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes White  Polo Tshirt

id : 16396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 12736
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Kids Sport Hi Quarter Pack of 3 Socks

id : 10061
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men graphic story tee White Tshirts

id : 15513
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Utara L2T Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11381
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Multi Coloured Top

id : 10253
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Claudia Green Handbags

id : 1604
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Track Pants Women Blue

id : 15721
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Pegasus+ 28 Black Sports Shoes

id : 17076
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Stripes White Belt

id : 18802
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Black Belt

id : 12504
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Short Purple Tops

id : 16998
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Beige Flats

id : 12158
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Navy Blue Leggings

id : 18462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : David Beckham Intense Instinct Men Perfumes

id : 15973
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Green Shirt

id : 1856
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Rebel Without a Clue T-shirt

id : 17618
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girls Lace Bow Black Leggings

id : 10059
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Polo Tshirts

id : 10865
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Motor Rider Yellow T-Shirts

id : 18234
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Grey Tshirt

id : 18006
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Jersey Black Track Pant

id : 15719
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Fluorescent Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Egoli FG Fluorescent Green Sports Shoes

id : 11943
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Sandals

id : 17288
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Red  Polo Tshirt

id : 19312
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Casual Red Gym Backpack

id : 16168
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather White Casual Shoes

id : 17886
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style White Innerwear Vest

id : 16954
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19120
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Unisex Shine Red Slippers

id : 12990
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Unisex Adispeed Purple Sports Shoes

id : 18496
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Fashion Cat Navy Blue Slipper

id : 14855
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Maroon Wallets

id : 15987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Purple TShirt

id : 14069
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11386
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Green Sweatshirts

id : 1603
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Hoops Athletic Navy Sweatshirt

id : 10254
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hddcs Grey Handbags

id : 15726
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max+ 2011 Grey Sports Shoes

id : 18805
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Red Belt

id : 17071
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Brown Belt

id : 18039
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Grey Handbag

id : 12503
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Short Black T-shirt

id : 17243
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Black  Polo Tshirt

id : 16391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 12731
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Check Green Shirts

id : 10066
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Puma midrange tee Black Tshirts

id : 15514
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men SC Blucher Lace up Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17627
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Blue Jersey

id : 13287
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Black Shirts

id : 10402
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Una Pink Tops

id : 1869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1904 Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 15170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Maroon Polo Tshirts

id : 10630
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Casual Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 14290
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 15342
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Printed Pink Tshirts

id : 13889
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Check Blue Shirts

id : 17415
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men T-Effect IV White Sports Shoe

id : 12167
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Dupatta
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Voile Pink Dupatta

id : 13273
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Gold Heels

id : 11524
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Blue Sweatshirt

id : 14056
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 15184
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Grey Sweaters

id : 11716
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16533
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 12193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Checked Shirt

id : 11372
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Blue Shirts

id : 14600
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 White Socks

id : 17085
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Pink Wallet

id : 16157
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Casual Shoes

id : 13425
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Pink Tshirts

id : 16365
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Cream Shirt

id : 13617
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black V DuoDry Body Fit V-Neck T-shirt

id : 11140
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid White Scarves

id : 10092
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Racehound Silver Sports Shoes

id : 16398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Green & White Striped Shirt

id : 18202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Squad Fleec LS Crew Grey Sweatshirt

id : 10853
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11981
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Intense Black Sports Shoes

id : 17078
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip Red Wallet

id : 16996
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 18030
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Printed Camel Handbag

id : 17844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Compel White Sports Shoe

id : 10639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Nike Capri II Black Casual Shoes

id : 14299
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 13880
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 12952
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18454
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Natural Women Perfumes

id : 15945
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Wallets

id : 14897
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Wallets

id : 15179
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Red Sweaters

id : 1860
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Shiva T-shirt

id : 13874
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Solid Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13048
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Green Printed T-shirt

id : 16708
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Striper Pique White Tshirt

id : 18692
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue Modern Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Trunks

id : 14863
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Jewellery
articleType : Necklace and Chains
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Three Strands Red Necklace

id : 19324
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Solid Maroon Sweatshirt

id : 14609
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Socks

id : 16962
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Sunglasses

id : 19116
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Unisex Arch Black Slippers

id : 10434
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Blue Shirts

id : 14094
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Green Polo Tshirts

id : 17611
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle  Fairy Girl Pink Tshirt

id : 18659
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Craze Grey Shoes

id : 17423
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Men Silver Analogue Watches (A221) MTP-1247D-9AVDF

id : 13083
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Red Casual Shoes

id : 12151
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Pink Kurtis

id : 10606
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Temptation 93 Black Watches

id : 15374
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Fila Runner White Sports Shoes

id : 16195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Stripped SL Yellow Sweater

id : 18833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Black Belt

id : 17047
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Santa Monica Slipper

id : 12535
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 1635
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Spring
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Red Comfy Shoes

id : 10262
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Black Trousers

id : 15710
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Drifter Cat II White Flip Flops

id : 10050
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Usain Bolt Black Tshirts

id : 17275
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Black  Polo Tshirt

id : 12707
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Overplay White Sports Shoes

id : 16161
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 19129
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Racing Olive Slippers

id : 13413
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 10296
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Navy Blue Leather Casual Shoes

id : 11344
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 14636
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Lavender
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Lavender Scarves

id : 11176
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 16353
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 17281
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Steeple Grey Tshirt

id : 13621
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Knitted Grey Shorts

id : 11512
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Bronze Brown Wedges

id : 14060
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Purple Polo Tshirts

id : 16737
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men DI Mare Black Slipper

id : 13245
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid Black Shorts

id : 12397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Socks

id : 16505
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 12999
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Flats

id : 13077
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Casual Shoes

id : 16159
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 19111
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid Tshirts

id : 19323
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Solid Navy Blue Sweatshirt

id : 13619
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Short Sleeve White Innerwear T-shirt

id : 11972
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Deckers White Shoes

id : 18695
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men White Modern Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Trunks

id : 14864
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Jewellery
articleType : Bracelet
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Red Bracelet

id : 14058
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 13873
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 17629
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Jacket

id : 13289
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Black Sweatshirts

id : 15942
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Black Wallets

id : 14890
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Travel Accessory
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Bags

id : 1867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Nayak Nahi T-shirt

id : 13887
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 12955
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sports Black Sports Shoes

id : 18453
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Marciano Women Perfumes

id : 12169
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Dupatta
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Voile Green Dupatta

id : 11388
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light WinterMaroon Maroon Tshirts

id : 15728
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Ruckus Mid Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16991
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men White Check Shirt

id : 17843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Legend White Casual Shoe

id : 18037
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Tan Handbag

id : 18205
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Navy Blue Jacket

id : 10068
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men lifestyle graphitti White Tshirts

id : 10854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Green Polo T-shirt

id : 11986
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Trasform White Casual Shoes

id : 16502
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Solid Navy Blue Polo TShirt

id : 13070
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 18498
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Gypse-II Black Sandals

id : 11727
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Solid Black Tshirt

id : 15387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Kumi Red Slippers

id : 11515
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Black Heels

id : 15989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men White Sweaters

id : 14067
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 16730
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Mega Sport Grey Slipper

id : 13242
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid Beige Shorts

id : 12390
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Ties

id : 11171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 16354
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid White Shirt

id : 17286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey Melange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Grey  Melange Polo Tshirt

id : 16166
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 17888
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Cruiser Green Innerwear Vest

id : 13414
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 11343
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 14631
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Grey Scarves

id : 10057
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Tshirt Trning White Polo Tshirts

id : 15525
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Women Jeanie Thong Perf Black Flats

id : 17272
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Green  Polo Tshirt

id : 12700
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Metallic Gold Black Sports Shoes

id : 16192
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Knitted Vest Grey Sweater

id : 17040
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Skate 001 Casual Shoe

id : 18834
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Brown Belt

id : 12532
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Solid Black Jackets

id : 18008
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Unisex Laptop Black Backpack

id : 10265
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Goto Eat Tobacco Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 15717
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Fluorescent Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Mercurial Victory II HG-V Fluorescent Green Sports Shoes

id : 17424
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Edifice Men Silver-Toned Analogue Watch ED141

id : 13084
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Casual Shoes

id : 12156
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Cream Leggings

id : 10601
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Blue Jerseys

id : 15373
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid Purple Tops

id : 10433
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Black Shirts

id : 15141
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Check Blue Slim Fit Shirt

id : 14093
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Red Tshirts

id : 17616
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Princess Pink Tshirt

id : 12364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 12909
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check Red Shirts

id : 17447
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Men Black Dial Analogue Watch BS119

id : 12135
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Pink Kurtas

id : 10662
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Travel Red Tshirts

id : 15310
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Furano 3 M Black Sports Shoes

id : 10450
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11582
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtis

id : 15122
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men  Autoflex Brown Trousers

id : 17675
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Turquoise Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Ballerina Turquoise Casual Shoe

id : 10034
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Element Ja Black T-Shirt

id : 15546
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Bronze
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Bronze Heels

id : 14494
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 17211
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Pink Sunglasses

id : 18259
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Roshan Peach Kurta

id : 17023
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Casual Black Sandal

id : 18857
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Generation Navy Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 13483
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women White & Black Flats

id : 1651
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Women Style Pink T-shirt

id : 15774
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Stringz Green Briefs

id : 11112
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check White Shirts

id : 16337
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 13645
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Brown Sandals

id : 12797
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men The Red Devils Black Tshirts

id : 16105
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Purple Sunglasses

id : 13477
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Rocia Black Sandal Black Shoes

id : 16939
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Sunglasses

id : 11320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Grey Jeans

id : 15780
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Red Briefs

id : 14652
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Punk Black Tshirts

id : 13013
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Wedges

id : 11744
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 11576
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtis

id : 14004
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men India Football Jersey

id : 16753
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Stripes Leatherette Black Clutch

id : 13221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 10239
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Grand Victory White Dial Steel Watches

id : 14699
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Trousers

id : 18868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Navy Blue Knits Panel Shorts

id : 17820
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Brown Sandal

id : 18054
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Grey Wallet

id : 19186
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Shirt

id : 18266
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Swati Blue Kurta

id : 15579
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White & Blue Striped Shirt

id : 10837
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Urban Folk Pink T-Shirts

id : 16798
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 12338
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Ep Jeans Blue Jeans

id : 18602
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Commander White Sports Shoes

id : 15921
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Ep Bp Adv Casu Black Backpack

id : 1804
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kalenji Men Essential Baggy Black Shorts

id : 12936
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18430
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Laptop Bag

id : 14807
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 11549
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Grey Kurtas

id : 13810
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline White Striped Muffler

id : 13448
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Pink Shirts

id : 19172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Navy Blue TShirt

id : 16906
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Maroon Sweatshirt

id : 18292
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Chandani Brown Kurta

id : 19340
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Jacket

id : 11911
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 11571
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 14003
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Yellow Jerseys

id : 16754
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Crystal Flower Gold Clutch

id : 17686
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Sequins Multi Wedges

id : 13226
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Brown Tshirts

id : 13828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid Navy Blue Sweaters

id : 13014
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Heels

id : 10691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Little Boy Green Tshirts

id : 11743
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Green Polo Tshirts

id : 16102
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13470
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Pink Dress

id : 11327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 15787
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Grey Melange Comfort Briefs

id : 11115
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 11929
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Shape Grey Sports Shoes

id : 16330
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Brown Trouser

id : 13642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Brown  Casual Shoe

id : 12790
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Arsenal Red Jersey

id : 18850
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Head Yellow Tshirt

id : 17024
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : GAS Men Blue Beach Flip Flops

id : 13484
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Rocia White  Sandal White Shoes

id : 17818
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Brown Casual Shoe

id : 12556
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Men Green Printed T-shirt

id : 1656
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Odi Day Cap

id : 15773
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Grey Briefs

id : 10033
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Ad Breakli Navy Blue Shorts

id : 14493
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 17216
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 10457
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Pink Polo Tshirts

id : 15919
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex AL Blue Backpack

id : 11585
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtis

id : 15125
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Autoflex Grey Trousers

id : 17672
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Brown Pumps

id : 17440
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Men Steel Watch EX045 EFR-502D-7AVDF

id : 12132
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Black Kurtas

id : 18408
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Your Black Slippers

id : 10665
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Extream Racer Black Tshirts

id : 15317
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 18295
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Basanti Maroon Kurta

id : 11916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 11318
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Jeans

id : 16901
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Green Polo Tshirt

id : 19175
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 13219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid White Shirts

id : 14800
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Brown Handbags

id : 11788
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Multi Coloured Kurta

id : 15328
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Blue Sweaters

id : 12931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Insignia Blue Tshirts

id : 18437
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Backpack

id : 18605
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Leather Black Belt

id : 10468
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 15926
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex BP Cable Grey Backpack

id : 1803
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Tribord Unisex Black T-shirt

id : 17229
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 13689
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Premier Zigfly Sports Shoes

id : 18261
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Anshu Blue Kurta

id : 10830
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men White Polo Tshirts

id : 18053
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Blue Wallet

id : 17827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Force 1 '07 White Casual Shoe

id : 12569
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 19181
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Red Check Shirt

id : 11311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 14663
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Navy Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 16134
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Blue Top

id : 18892
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Eleana Blue Top

id : 16908
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Black Sweatshirt

id : 12594
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 13446
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Stripes Pink Tops

id : 13674
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Track Cat Basic Casual Shoes

id : 11123
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Travel Black Bags

id : 14451
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Multi Flats

id : 15583
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Solid Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 16762
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Printed Design Multi Handbags

id : 13210
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Women GT 2160 Running White Sports Shoes

id : 11547
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 10495
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women HS Blue Shirt

id : 14809
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid DK.Grey Handbags

id : 14035
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Maroon Shirts

id : 11775
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 16550
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Shirt

id : 17644
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Casual Green Slipper

id : 10461
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men White Polo Tshirts

id : 15113
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 11781
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 15321
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 17476
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women Lisa BR 10 Purple Bra

id : 12104
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Brown Kurtis

id : 10237
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Croso Black Steel Watch

id : 14697
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Beige Trousers

id : 15745
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Transform III Silver Sports Shoes

id : 18866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Grey Core Sweat Pants

id : 17012
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Brown Heels

id : 12560
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 17220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 12752
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Ep Jeans Blue Jeans

id : 18268
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Sunflower Green Kurta

id : 13680
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Athlos Sports Shoes

id : 10005
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Ss Trainin Blue T-Shirts

id : 10839
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men N0. 3 Applique Polo Navy Blue T-Shirts

id : 15577
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Warrior Bheem TShirt

id : 13821
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Purple & Grey Striped Beanie

id : 10698
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Houston Red Ice Red Watch

id : 11578
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 14836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Black Belt

id : 11920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Shoe

id : 16339
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Maroon Shirt

id : 19371
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Federer Black Formal Shoes

id : 12799
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Blue Manchester United Jersey

id : 16937
gender : Women
masterCategory : Free Items
subCategory : Free Gifts
articleType : Free Gifts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Sunglasses

id : 19143
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Rapid Olive Sandals

id : 13479
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women White Flats

id : 10806
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Stampede Printed Stripe Green Shirts

id : 15548
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Pack of 3 White Socks

id : 19385
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Grey Xtreme Game Innerwear Vest

id : 18257
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Antara Green Kurta

id : 18859
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Generation Black Polo Tshirt

id : 17811
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Krishna Balram Multi Tshirt

id : 10208
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hths Blue Handbags

id : 17449
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Unisex Combination Unisex Blue Analogue & Digital Watch AD140

id : 12907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripe Purple T-Shirts

id : 18401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men USA Brown Sandals

id : 15910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black Coffee Men Stripes Grey Slim Fit Shirt

id : 18633
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men GP Budg Logo Speed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 12309
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Purple Shirts

id : 17227
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 12755
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Navy Striped Polo T-Shirt

id : 13687
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Adi Sunshine Flip Flops

id : 10002
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Sp Jema Skt Blue Skirts

id : 15570
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boys Flying High TShirt

id : 10230
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Claudia Brown Handbags

id : 14690
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Trousers

id : 15742
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Full Court Black Sports Shoes

id : 17015
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Green Flats

id : 18861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Grafitti Red Polo Tshirt

id : 12567
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Men Black Printed T-shirt

id : 17829
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dual Fusion ST 2 White Sports Shoe

id : 11786
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Blue Kurtas

id : 10654
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Denim skirt with belt Blue Skirts

id : 15326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 17471
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women Julia BR 02 White Bra

id : 18439
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Grey Bag

id : 12103
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Brown Kurti

id : 17643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men PowerCat Red Wallet

id : 16791
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 12331
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Ep Jeans Blue Jeans

id : 15928
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Travel Accessory
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Org City Corp Black Bag

id : 10466
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 15114
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men TR Finish Charcoal Trousers

id : 11772
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Black Printed T-shirt

id : 14200
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : AND Women Solid Black Tops

id : 17485
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men DLS Slam White Sports Shoe

id : 16557
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Navy Printed Sweatshirt

id : 13025
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Maroon Flats

id : 16765
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Antique Black Potli

id : 13217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid White Shirts

id : 11540
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 10492
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women HS Orange Shirt

id : 14032
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 19349
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Fashion Black Sports Shoes

id : 13673
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Even Keel Casual Shoes

id : 11124
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Laptop Carry Black Bags

id : 14456
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Taupe
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Taupe Casual Shoes

id : 11918
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 11316
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Beige Trouser

id : 14664
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 16133
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Grey Top

id : 18895
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Lida Grey Dress

id : 12593
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 13441
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 15917
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Ep Bp Adv Casu Brown Backpack

id : 10459
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Fuschia Pink Tshirts

id : 1832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Lunarswift Shoe

id : 18634
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men GP Budg Logo Red Tshirts

id : 12900
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Pluto Black Sports Shoes

id : 18406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men USA Black Shoe

id : 15319
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Jackets

id : 17816
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men  Brown Sandal

id : 1658
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Windrunner Blue Jacket

id : 10801
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men August Stripe Look Checks Blue Shirts

id : 17218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19144
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Black Beach Flip Flops

id : 11329
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Trousers

id : 15789
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Grey Comfort Briefs

id : 11927
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Tone White Sports Shoes

id : 17688
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Classic Beige Sandal

id : 13228
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Solid Navy Blue Trousers

id : 13826
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Navy Blue Sweaters

id : 18452
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Fragrance Gift Set
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Natural Women Fragrance Gift Set

id : 12168
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Dupatta
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Voile Maroon Dupatta

id : 13886
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 12954
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sports White Sports Shoes

id : 13288
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Solid Beige Trousers

id : 17628
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Jacket

id : 1866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens My Pet T-shirt

id : 15943
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Black Wallets

id : 10855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men White Polo Tshirts

id : 10069
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Large logo tee Black Tshirts

id : 15729
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Visi Pro II Black Sports Shoes

id : 11389
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men White T-shirt

id : 16990
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Sweater

id : 18036
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Red Handbag

id : 17842
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Sweet Classic High Black Casual Shoe

id : 19322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Solid Blue Sweatshirt

id : 13618
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Muscle Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Muscle T-shirt

id : 11973
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Impact White Sports Shoes

id : 19110
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Campbell Men Pack of 3 Solid Tshirts

id : 16158
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 11719
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 13872
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 18694
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue Modern Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Trunks

id : 1892
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Men Full Sleeves Hoody Sweatshirt

id : 14059
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed White polo Tshirts

id : 14865
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Wallets

id : 12533
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Solid Purple Jackets

id : 18009
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Black Belt

id : 16193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Knitted Vest Green Sweater

id : 18835
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Brown Belt

id : 17041
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Skate 002 Casual Shoe

id : 15716
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Lunarfly+ 2 Grey Sports Shoes

id : 10264
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Goya Band Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 15524
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Women Jeanie Thong Chain Grey Flats

id : 10056
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Cfc Pes Black Tracksuits

id : 12701
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Lunarfly Blue Sports Shoes

id : 17273
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes White Polo Tshirt

id : 15140
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Check Maroon Shirts

id : 14092
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Stripes Green Sweaters

id : 1859
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Eye Opener T-shirt

id : 10432
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Blue Shirts

id : 17617
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle  Flower Girl Green Top

id : 13085
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Casual Pink Casual Shoes

id : 12157
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Orange Leggings

id : 17425
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Men White Dial Multi-Dial Analogue Watch MTP-1192E-7ADF(A166)

id : 15372
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Turquoise Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid Turquoise Blue Tops

id : 14066
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Pack Of 2 Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 15988
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Green TShirt

id : 11514
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Black Heels

id : 13243
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid Beige Shorts

id : 12391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Printed Lavender Tie

id : 16731
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Women Primavera Blue Slipper

id : 18499
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Striped Navy Blue Sweater

id : 13071
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 16503
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Solid Red Polo TShirt

id : 11726
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 13415
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Shirts

id : 17889
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Cruiser Red Innerwear Vest

id : 14630
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Check Brown Skirts

id : 10290
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Shavi Knot Leather Brown Heels

id : 11342
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Black Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 11170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Yellow Sweaters

id : 13627
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Knitted Blue Shorts

id : 16355
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Purple Shirt

id : 17287
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Navy Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 18693
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey Modern Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Trunks

id : 1895
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Men Full Sleeves Hoody Sweatshirt

id : 14862
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Jewellery
articleType : Necklace and Chains
baseColour : Coffee Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Mettalic Coffee Brown Necklace

id : 13049
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Black Sweaters

id : 13875
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Solid Navy Blue Shirts

id : 14608
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Grey Socks

id : 19117
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Arch Brown Slippers

id : 19325
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Myntra Men Solid Grey Sweatshirt

id : 11974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Paramount Plus White Shoes

id : 11148
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Fil A Fil Purple Shirts

id : 16997
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women White Ballerinas

id : 17845
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men T90 Shoot I\/ HG-B White Sports Shoe

id : 18031
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Black Handbag

id : 17079
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip Pink Wallet

id : 12739
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Kids Unisex Sport Hi Quarter  Pack of 3 Pink Socks

id : 18203
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Squad Fleec LS Crew Black Sweatshirt

id : 16399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men White Striped Shirt

id : 10852
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Striped T-shirt

id : 11980
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Motor Sports Black Sandals

id : 18667
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Grey & Black Sports Shoes

id : 1861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Graff Wars T-shirt

id : 15944
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Wallets

id : 14896
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 14298
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 10638
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Formal Brown Formal Shoes

id : 18455
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Fragrance Gift Set
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nautica Voyage Men Fragrance Gift Set

id : 13881
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 12953
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Brown Trousers

id : 17280
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Red T-shirt

id : 19128
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Racing Red Slippers

id : 13412
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16160
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 14637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Classic Check White Shirts

id : 10297
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Smart Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Black Leather Loafers

id : 11345
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Elvira Rinse Black Jeans

id : 13076
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 12998
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Kids Boys Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 16504
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11721
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Green Shirts

id : 14061
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 11513
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Blue Flats

id : 13244
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Solid Black Shorts

id : 12396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Socks

id : 16736
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Women Primavera Purple Slipper

id : 13082
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Casual Shoes

id : 12150
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Red Kurtis

id : 17422
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Women Pink Analogue Watches (SH60) LTP-2069L-4AVDF

id : 15375
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Flow Black Casual Shoes

id : 10607
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Temptation Black Watch

id : 15147
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 14095
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid Navy Blue Tops

id : 10435
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men HS Red Shirts

id : 18658
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Craze Brown Casual Shoes

id : 15523
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Women Jeanie Thong Chain Black Flats

id : 10051
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Motorsport Navy Blue Shirts

id : 12706
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Deep Red White Sports Shoes

id : 17274
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Green Polo Tshirt

id : 12534
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Printed Grey Sweatshirts

id : 16194
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Stripped SL Grey Sweater

id : 17046
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Eldorado Sandal

id : 18832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Brown Belt

id : 15711
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Puma Evo White Casual Shoes

id : 10263
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Energise Me Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 1634
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Inesis Water Repellent Canaveral Shoes

id : 17887
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 19121
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men XL Water Man Brown Slippers

id : 16955
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 16169
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 11942
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 19313
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2014.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Black Backpack

id : 17289
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Green Polo Tshirt

id : 14068
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 14854
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Wallets

id : 15986
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Yellow Shirt

id : 18497
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Future Cat Black Slipper

id : 12991
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Unisex Uraha Grey Sports Shoes

id : 13843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Manza II Brown Sandals

id : 15388
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Glide Black Slippers

id : 11728
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Solid Red Tshirts

id : 1857
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Life After Midnight T-shirt

id : 15972
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Maroon Shirt

id : 18651
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Over Stitch Brown Slippers

id : 17619
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girls Lace Bow White Leggings

id : 12159
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Red Leggings

id : 18463
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : David Beckham Instinct Men Perfumes

id : 12965
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Comanche Black Sandals

id : 17873
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Navy Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 18007
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Unisex Black Backpack

id : 15718
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarglide+ 3 Black Sports Shoes

id : 10864
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men True Riders White T-Shirts

id : 10058
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Large logo tee Black Tshirts

id : 18235
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 11717
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 13040
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 16532
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 14057
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Black Polo Tshirts

id : 15185
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Black Sweaters

id : 11525
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women White Top

id : 13616
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue V DuoDry Body Fit V-Neck T-shirt

id : 16364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes White Shirt

id : 14433
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 11141
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Black Scarves

id : 10093
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Racehound White Sports Shoes

id : 14601
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 11373
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Pink Tops

id : 13424
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Black Polo T-shirts

id : 17084
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap Purple Wallet

id : 16156
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 12730
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Solid Blue Sweatshirts

id : 17242
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 16390
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Olive Trouser

id : 11989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Solid Blue Tshirts

id : 15515
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Utara L2T Grey Casual Shoes

id : 10067
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men punk logo tee Yellow Tshirts

id : 15727
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Downshifter 4 MSL White Sports Shoes

id : 11387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Blue Shirts

id : 10255
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 18038
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Printed Pink Handbag

id : 12502
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Short Red Tshirts

id : 18804
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Green Belt

id : 14291
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 15343
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 10631
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men CL semi-cas Black Casual Shoes

id : 12166
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Dupatta
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Voile Red Dupatta

id : 17414
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Millennia White Sports Shoe

id : 13888
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Solid Navy Blue Trousers

id : 12354
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid White Shirts

id : 13286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Black Shirts

id : 17626
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Jacket

id : 1868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Facebook Like T-shirt

id : 15171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 10403
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Uri Purple Tops

id : 10863
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men True Riders Blue T-Shirts

id : 18232
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 12708
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunareclipse White Sports Shoes

id : 18000
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Track Pants

id : 17874
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style White Innerwear Vest

id : 17048
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Tan
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Santa Monica Slipper

id : 18464
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : David Beckham Intimately Men Perfumes

id : 10609
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women White Dial Chronograph Watch

id : 15975
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Black Shirt

id : 18656
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Thunder Black Basketball Sports Shoes

id : 13078
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Casual Shoes

id : 18490
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Vogue Black Shoes

id : 12996
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Kids Boys Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Walk Max PU Black Sports Shoes

id : 14853
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Maroon Wallets

id : 15981
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Black Shirt

id : 12398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Grey Socks

id : 16738
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men DI Mare Green Slipper

id : 11945
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Red Sandals

id : 11179
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Leather strap dial and golden frame Brown Watches

id : 19314
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Graphic North Classic Red Backpack

id : 17880
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Comfort Style Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 16952
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19126
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Straight Brown Slippers

id : 14639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Classic Check White Shirts

id : 10299
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Black Leather Wedges

id : 17621
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girls Lace Bow LT.Pink Leggings

id : 10404
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Ummi Black Shirt

id : 14898
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Wallets

id : 14296
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 15344
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Black Tracksuits

id : 10636
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Semi oxfords Green Casual Shoes

id : 12161
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Leggings
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Green Leggings

id : 17413
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Millennia Black Sports Shoe

id : 15720
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men The Overplay VI Black Sports Shoes

id : 11380
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Tops

id : 1605
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Black Track Pant

id : 10252
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women SLB Bag Brown Handbags

id : 16999
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Blue Flats

id : 12505
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Short Black Tops

id : 18803
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Brown Belt

id : 17077
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap Pink Wallet

id : 12737
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Sports White Socks

id : 17245
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Yellow Polo Tshirt

id : 16397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 15512
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Slatkin Brown Casual Shoes

id : 10060
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men motor sport tee White Tshirts

id : 14606
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Cream Socks

id : 11374
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Red Tops

id : 13423
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Navy Blue Polo T-shirts

id : 19119
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Unisex Shine Green Slippers

id : 17083
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Denim Black Wallet

id : 16151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 13611
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Sleeveless V Neck White Grey Innerwear T-shirt

id : 16363
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 11146
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Bling Purple Shirts

id : 13275
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Gold Heels

id : 14050
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 15182
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Green Sweaters

id : 11522
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Blue Sweater

id : 11710
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Solid White Shirts

id : 12195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Orange Striped T-shirt

id : 13047
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual White Wedges

id : 16535
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Women Check Grey Cap

id : 13307
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Solid Black Trousers

id : 10582
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Velocity Chrono Black Steel Watches

id : 11450
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Green Tshirts

id : 14122
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11662
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Grey Printed T-shirt

id : 14310
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Jackets

id : 16447
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Blue  Tshirts

id : 13909
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Mikumi Black Sandals

id : 13135
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Blue Casual Shoes

id : 1783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Men Grey Sandal

id : 14774
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 18985
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men ST FB Track Top White Jacket

id : 16023
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes Grey Slim Fit Shirt

id : 13551
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Gold Flats

id : 12483
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 16211
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Track Black Jackets

id : 13763
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check White Shirts

id : 19259
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Trapeze Gold Watch

id : 11034
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Red Tops

id : 11808
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Cotton Silk Maroon Kurtas

id : 15494
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Maroon
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Maroon Casual Shoes

id : 14546
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Maroon Printed Kurta

id : 10320
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Mary White Handbags

id : 14780
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Navy Blue Slim Fit Shirt

id : 17105
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Small  Red Wallet

id : 18971
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Top

id : 17939
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid White  Logo 3/4 Pants

id : 12477
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 12645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Pink Polo T-shirts

id : 1545
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Speed Cat Shoe

id : 10112
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Premier Zigfly White Sports Shoes

id : 17753
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Green Shirt

id : 12221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Trousers

id : 10576
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lifestyle Graphitti Black T-shirt

id : 15838
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Brown Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 15004
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Jackets

id : 10744
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Pluto Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 11696
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 15236
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adiracer Remodel Blue Casual Shoes

id : 17561
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12013
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirts

id : 18529
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem kids-Boys Red Digital Pop Watch

id : 11837
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Red Casual Shoes

id : 19266
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Prism Black Watch

id : 19054
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Green Kurta

id : 16820
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11239
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Low Rise Black Jeans

id : 13936
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Red Shirts

id : 14921
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Teal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Beware Teal Tshirts

id : 17798
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Men Journey to Petra Orange Tshirt

id : 13338
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 12810
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng Black Track Pants

id : 15209
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Blue Sweater

id : 15807
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fusion White Briefs

id : 1922
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Mens Slim Fit Black Polo T-shirt

id : 18724
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Lara Black Sweater

id : 17308
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 19292
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Triangle White Dial Watch with Swarovski Elements W75030L1

id : 17906
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sptcas Black Sweatshirt

id : 18172
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Magenta Layer Top

id : 12448
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Shoe Accessories
articleType : Shoe Accessories
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Tan Shoe Accessories

id : 10743
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Only Mickey Red Flip Flops

id : 11691
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Red Shirts

id : 15231
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Veska PK Mid White Casual Shoes

id : 12828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 12014
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirts

id : 17754
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 12226
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Pack Of 3 T-shirts

id : 10571
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rugby Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 15003
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stripes Solid Grey Sweaters

id : 17330
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 18378
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Blue Boxer Trunks

id : 13790
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Solid Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 12642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Maroon Polo T-shirts

id : 10115
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Unisex Adventure Sports Grey Sandals

id : 1542
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Ballistic Rubber Shoe

id : 15467
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Bermuda Black Shorts

id : 10327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Slick Gents 3HD Black Watches

id : 14787
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Maroon Slim Fit Shirt

id : 18976
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Firebird Red Track Pants

id : 17102
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap Orange Wallet

id : 19098
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Embroided Beige Kurta

id : 12470
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Beige Slim Fit Shirt

id : 16216
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lifestyle  Grey Track Pant

id : 13764
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check White Shirts

id : 11033
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Red Tops

id : 15493
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Black Heeled Shoes

id : 14541
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women White and Red Printed Kurta

id : 1784
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men's Melbourne White-Red Shoe

id : 14773
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 18982
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Vespa Graphic T Grey Tshirt

id : 16024
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Green Shirt

id : 13556
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Yellow
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Yellow Flats

id : 16818
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Green Shirt

id : 12484
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Olive Leather Sandals

id : 11665
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 14317
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Tshirts

id : 16440
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Printed Olive Tshirts

id : 17592
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Unisex Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 13132
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13300
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Men Solid Beige Shorts

id : 10585
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Rubber strap dial Black Watches

id : 14919
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men HA! Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 11457
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Black Tshirts

id : 14125
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 18949
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Trainer Liner Flat Knit Pack of 3 Socks

id : 18175
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Party Frock Lavender Dress

id : 17901
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Black Jacket

id : 10318
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Grace Two Tone Steel Watch

id : 19295
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Hopscotch Steel Watch

id : 15800
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Khaki
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Khaki Briefs

id : 1925
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Black Bag

id : 12219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Trousers

id : 12817
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Snipper Grey Sandals

id : 17559
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey & White Striped Shirt

id : 14926
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Mr. Happy DK.Green Tshirts

id : 11468
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer Navy Blue Shirt

id : 10788
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Malbork White Shirt

id : 18181
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boys-Boys Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13569
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back Navy Blue Innerwear Vests

id : 16827
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Magenta T-shirt

id : 19053
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Black Hip Hop Shoes

id : 11830
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 16229
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Crew  Black SweatShirt

id : 19261
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Logo Glam Silver Watch

id : 14583
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Tops

id : 15451
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hidekraft Women Leather Brown Handbags

id : 17306
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 12674
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Olive Cargos

id : 18940
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Polo Olive Tshirt

id : 17134
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Snake Skin Look Green Handbag

id : 12446
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Black Wallets

id : 17908
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sptcas Blue Sweatshirt

id : 15663
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Dash Laptop Black Backpacks

id : 17550
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red & White Striped Shirt

id : 16482
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 18518
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Men Delirious Disclosure Navy Blue Jacket

id : 12022
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Pink Striped Shirts

id : 10775
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wildcraft Unisex Olive Green Backpack

id : 15207
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Black Sweaters

id : 15809
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Charcoal Briefs

id : 11495
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Gun Metal Grey Ballerinas

id : 15035
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Purple Sweaters

id : 17762
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Ortiz Black Formal Shoe

id : 12210
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Orange Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 13938
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 16476
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 13104
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Bnce T-Top Black Jackets

id : 11653
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Race Luminous 3HD White Dial Watch

id : 14321
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Navy Blue Shorts

id : 11461
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light White Shirts

id : 14113
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Olive Sweatshirts

id : 17796
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy I Like to be Naughty Green Tshirt

id : 16644
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Orange Tshirt

id : 13336
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Printed Pink Tops

id : 1580
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Swimwear
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nabaiji Women Cross-back Swimsuit

id : 11005
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Visor 3HD Black Watch

id : 14577
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Sk8-Hi Black Casual Shoes

id : 11839
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Black Jackets

id : 12680
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Unisex Solid Navy Blue Caps

id : 19268
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Chase Steel Watch

id : 13752
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16012
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men White Scarf

id : 13560
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Yellow Sandals

id : 11237
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Blue Jeans

id : 14745
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Slim Fit Shirt

id : 15697
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black coffee Men Micheal White Slim Fit Shirt

id : 18715
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Shanna Magenta Top

id : 15836
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Pink Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 10578
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Large Logo Ringer Blue Tshirts

id : 1913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Seize Victory Black T-shirt

id : 11698
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 15238
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Goodyear Driver Vulc White Casual Shoes

id : 12821
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Karlie Blur Wn's Dazzling Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18527
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Analog Kids-Boys Blue Watch

id : 12479
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 19091
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Gathered Design Navy Blue Kurti

id : 17937
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ducati One ups Tee 2 Black Tshirt

id : 13799
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Purple Striped Sweater

id : 18371
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men T-Shirts Red Innerwear T-shirt

id : 11208
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Rough Silver Black Steel Watch

id : 19065
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Small Flower Pattern Purple Kurta

id : 19257
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Focus Steel Watch

id : 18385
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Red Tanga Brief

id : 14548
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Golden Thread Work Black Kurtis

id : 11806
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Cotton Silk Maroon Kurtas

id : 13309
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Printed White Tops

id : 14910
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Teal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Nonsense Green Tshirts

id : 13907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sweet Classic Leather Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16449
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 19401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jersey

id : 16015
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Black Scarf

id : 16829
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Blue T-shirt

id : 13567
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back Black Innerwear Vests

id : 11230
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Cine Citta White Watches

id : 14742
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 15690
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black coffee Men Micheal White Slim Fit Shirt

id : 1587
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta Men Superfit Football White Shoe

id : 11002
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Race Black Watch

id : 14570
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Rowley Style 99'S Black Casual Shoes

id : 16227
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Purple TShirt

id : 13755
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Black Shirts

id : 11466
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Navy Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 14928
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Beware Grey Melange Tshirts

id : 14114
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Jeans

id : 17791
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Black Socks

id : 16643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Blue Tshirt

id : 13331
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16471
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 13103
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sf Striped Hood Black Sweatshirts

id : 11654
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Printed White Tshirts

id : 10786
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Runng Black Caps

id : 14326
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Printed Black Tops

id : 11492
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Bronze Brown Wedges

id : 15032
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Blue Sweaters

id : 17765
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Nieves Brown Formal Shoe

id : 12217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Beige New Improved Fit Trousers

id : 17557
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Shirt

id : 12819
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Impetus White Shoes

id : 16485
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 12025
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White & Blue Striped Shirt

id : 10772
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Kids Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 15200
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Yellow Polo Tshirts

id : 17133
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Golden Buckle Red Handbag

id : 18947
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Trainer Liner Flat Knit Pack of 3 Socks

id : 12441
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Black Wallet

id : 13593
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Half Sleeve Crew Pack of 3 Grey Innerwear T-shirts

id : 10316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Pure Vitality Brown Steel Watches

id : 1573
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kalenji Women Athletes Grey Track Pants

id : 14584
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Tops

id : 17301
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sports Black Socks

id : 12673
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Beige Cargos

id : 14319
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid White Shorts

id : 13900
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Quarter Black Sports Shoes

id : 19406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men White Twenty2yds Lite IV Sports Shoes

id : 11459
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winters Blue Shirts

id : 14917
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Mr.Happy Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 16218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Navy Blue TShirt

id : 19250
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Chronograph White Dial Watch I16540L1

id : 11801
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Navy Blue Kurta

id : 19062
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Maroon Kurti

id : 13558
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Navy Blue Flat Shoes

id : 18376
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Under Colors of Benetton Men Black Boxer Trunks

id : 15469
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Bolt Essential Blue Tshirts

id : 10329
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Pure Pliancy Gold White Watches

id : 18978
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men CR WB PS White Jacket

id : 19096
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Calssic Maroon Kurta

id : 17930
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Casual Black Track Pant

id : 17568
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12826
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check White Shirts

id : 18520
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Women Solid 1354 Black Jacket

id : 18712
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Women Solid Black Skirt

id : 15831
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Green Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 15891
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Rainbow Clog Yellow Sandals

id : 14943
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Black Tshirts

id : 12288
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Grey Trousers

id : 16628
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Olive Tshirt

id : 13168
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Smart Grey Sports Shoes

id : 18580
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sport Quarters Pack of 3 Socks

id : 13954
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White  Polo Tshirts

id : 12886
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sprint Black Casual Shoes

id : 16842
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19036
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Tan Heels

id : 17990
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Navy Blue Tie

id : 14729
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Don.Ed White Tshirts

id : 10389
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Finesse 232 White Watches

id : 10987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Boyz Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 11855
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Slippers

id : 11069
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 19204
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Shirt

id : 17158
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Navy Blue Shirt

id : 12618
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirts

id : 18322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 15059
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 15865
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Silly Shoe Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18746
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Cola Black Top

id : 18574
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ghetto Halftone Black T-shirt

id : 12872
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 10719
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Training Blue Capris

id : 13701
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Men Drik Black Sports Shoes

id : 16273
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Grey & Black Striped Shirt

id : 14524
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey & White Striped Shirt

id : 10184
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men  White Stripe Shirt

id : 11056
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 14716
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Formal Shirt White Shirts

id : 11264
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men TR Yarn Dyed Grey Trousers

id : 19009
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women F Night Logo TT White Jacket

id : 13533
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Pink Adi light Casual Shoe

id : 16041
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 17193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 14372
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Green Flats

id : 11600
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Grey Kurtas

id : 13157
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jersey Black Polo Tshirts

id : 12085
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Red Kurtas

id : 16425
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Printed Red Tshirt

id : 13365
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Kids Jeunes Black Casual Shoes

id : 16617
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes White Shirt

id : 15092
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Red Tunics

id : 14140
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 11432
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Winter Purple Top

id : 15254
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Decade Low Sleek Red Casual Shoes

id : 14386
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 10726
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Brown Brown Handbags

id : 12071
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 17503
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Black Polo T-Shirt

id : 13391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Pink Shirts

id : 18779
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Purple Tie

id : 17731
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men 3.0 Mid Black Sports Shoe

id : 15066
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 10514
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN SL Pink Tshirts

id : 14988
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Sweatshirts

id : 12627
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 16287
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Blue TShirt

id : 10170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Highlander Grey Blue Casual Shoes

id : 15630
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Thermal Black Jackets

id : 10342
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Tunic Black Tops

id : 11290
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Floyd Fit Jeans

id : 16889
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 12415
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Casual Brown Wallets

id : 18913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Mustard
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Classics Gothic Mustard Shirt

id : 17167
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Blue Shirt

id : 18573
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Striped Full Zip Blue Sweater

id : 12049
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Solid Grey Sweatshirts

id : 12875
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 15862
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Face Sandal Blue Sandals

id : 18741
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Boho Tan Top

id : 17709
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans unisex Authentic Olive Casual Shoes

id : 10148
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Sc Slip On Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17963
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Trinity Black Casual Shoes

id : 18117
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Easy Tee Black Innerwear Vest

id : 15608
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Spring
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Navy Blue Team Woven     Training  Track Pants

id : 11852
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men White Flip Flops

id : 13739
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Black Shirts

id : 17399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 19031
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Beige Shoes

id : 16845
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Purple Sunglasses

id : 17997
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Wind Black Track Pant

id : 16079
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Oval Sunglasses 9002-201

id : 18587
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Fundamental Sneakers Black Socks

id : 13953
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 12881
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 15298
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Duffel Bag
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Holdall CB Blue Duffle Bag

id : 11638
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Blockbuster Silver Black Watches

id : 15896
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Love flops Pink Slippers

id : 14944
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 15637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Jedy Remix Black Tshirts

id : 10345
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Graphic Printed Black Tshirts

id : 11297
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Custom Jeans

id : 12412
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Wallets

id : 17160
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Red Shirt

id : 12620
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 16280
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beatles Men Beatles Black Sweatshirts

id : 11899
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Maroon Formal Shoes

id : 15405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Racer New Black Sports Shoes

id : 10177
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Cboar Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Shirts

id : 12244
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Blue Striped Formal Shirt

id : 17736
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Black Miami II Flip Flops

id : 15061
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 10513
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS Tunic Top

id : 15253
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adi Sun M White Slippers

id : 14381
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Sandals

id : 10721
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Runng Mens tshirt White Tshirts

id : 12076
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Beige Kurtas

id : 17504
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Grey Polo T-Shirt

id : 13998
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed White Sweatshirts

id : 13362
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Blue Casual Shoes

id : 16610
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 15095
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 14147
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 11435
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter White Tops

id : 14375
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Matalic Flats

id : 11607
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Grey Kurtas

id : 13150
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Multi Heels

id : 12082
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 16422
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 14711
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Grey Formal Shirt

id : 11263
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men PV Plan Beige Trousers

id : 13534
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Black Adizero mana 6 wide Sports Shoe

id : 16046
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Brown Shirt

id : 17194
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Black Sweater

id : 13706
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Waistcoat
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Checked Waistcoat

id : 16274
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Free Authority Men Stripes Green Sweatshirts

id : 14523
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Olive Green & White Striped Shirt

id : 10183
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Future Cat Ballistic Jr White Casual Shoes

id : 11051
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check White Shirts

id : 18313
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Grey Striped Sweater

id : 12629
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 16289
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Blue TShirt

id : 11890
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 1529
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ferrari Tee

id : 17955
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Stay Cool Blue Cap

id : 18121
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Easy Tee Navy Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 16887
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 17169
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Maroon Shirt

id : 10728
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Dusvatar Coffee Brown Handbags

id : 18545
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Black Casual Shoe

id : 12843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Keep Up Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 13991
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train Black Sports Shoes

id : 18777
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Navy Blue Tie

id : 15068
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Black Sandal

id : 14986
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 15854
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Big Facelog Purple Sandals

id : 13159
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Dark Heather Fuchsia Grey Tshirts

id : 13965
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 18783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Blue Tie

id : 16619
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 14972
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Black Belts

id : 11864
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Slippers

id : 11058
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 14718
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Casual Top Navy Blue Tops

id : 19007
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Blue Tunic

id : 16873
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 15057
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 12272
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Pink Shirts

id : 18748
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Beige Top

id : 17700
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men E-Street Blue Casual Shoes

id : 12040
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 13192
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Eco ortholite Blue Casual Shoes

id : 17532
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Sports Black Caps

id : 15265
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Ulama White Casual Shoes

id : 10717
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng sports bra Purple Tops

id : 12424
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 17156
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Red Shirt

id : 18922
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Classic Mustard Checks Shirt

id : 16084
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Gradiant Sunglasses MAYS-9007-201

id : 15601
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Navy Blue Jackets

id : 10373
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Tshirts

id : 11093
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Knit White Sweaters

id : 10141
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Houston White Gold Links Gold Watches

id : 12616
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Printed Peach Tshirts

id : 17364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Red Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 13502
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Baloon Boy Blue Tshirts

id : 19038
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Beige Heels

id : 16070
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Khaki Trouser

id : 14727
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Tiger Print Blue Tshirts

id : 11255
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Logo Black Tshirt

id : 10387
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Indication  178 Black Watches

id : 14515
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Grey & White Striped Pink & Grey Accent Shirt

id : 10989
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Women Mementos Purple Tshirts

id : 11067
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 13730
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 17390
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Black Socks

id : 14171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Matt Finish Black Belts

id : 11403
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Red Tops

id : 12286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Navy Blue Trousers

id : 13354
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Petits Purple Casual Shoes

id : 16626
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart  Charcoal Tshirt

id : 13166
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Ultra Silver Sports Shoes

id : 12888
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Hex Express LP White Sports Shoes

id : 16414
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 14343
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Downshifter 4 MSL Purple Sports Shoes

id : 15291
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex ST Patch Black Backpacks

id : 16874
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Unisex Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 19000
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Trefoil White Tshirt

id : 16048
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Red Shirt

id : 19232
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Woven Black Tie

id : 11863
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Green Slippers

id : 18784
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Lavender
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Lavender Tie

id : 14975
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Black Belts

id : 11609
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Red Kurtas

id : 13962
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Pink Tops

id : 18770
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Black Tie

id : 13398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 17738
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Voltaic WP Black Sports Shoe

id : 14981
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Brown Belts

id : 15853
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Love flops Green Slippers

id : 12078
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 18542
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Black Casual Shoe

id : 12844
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Boys Multicoloured Striped T-shirts

id : 13996
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Black Jackets

id : 15639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Dfct Skull Purple T-Shirts

id : 17952
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Knit Beanie Blue Skull Cap

id : 16880
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Women Casual Brown Sunglasses

id : 18314
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Red Shirt

id : 11897
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Brown Formal Shoes

id : 10179
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Speeder Blue Flip Flops

id : 18589
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Invisble Sneakers Black Socks

id : 13161
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Unisex Cat Logo Black Caps

id : 16413
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 14344
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Force White Sports Shoes

id : 15296
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Spo Shoulderbag Black

id : 11636
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Turbo White Silver Watches

id : 14176
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Thread Black Belts

id : 15898
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Blue Dance Casual Shoes

id : 11404
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 13353
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Juniors Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16621
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Olive Trouser

id : 14512
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Light Blue Thin White & Brown Striped Shirts

id : 13737
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Black Shirts

id : 17397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 13505
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Ravan Green Tshirts

id : 17999
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Grey Track Pants

id : 16077
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Max Sleeve Black Netbook Bag

id : 14720
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Casual Top Purple Tops

id : 10380
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 15434
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Unisex Black Backpack

id : 11094
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Stripes Black Sweaters

id : 10146
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Drsp Moc Front Black Formal Shoes

id : 12611
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Green Tops

id : 17363
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Maroon Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12423
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18925
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Applique Work Brown Tshirt

id : 17151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Navy Blue Jacket

id : 16083
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Gradient Sunglasses MAYS-9005-201

id : 15606
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Training Grey Tshirts

id : 10374
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Green T-shirt

id : 12047
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 13195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Track Cat Basic White Casual Shoes

id : 17535
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red & White Striped Shirt

id : 15262
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women SL 72 Purple Casual Shoes

id : 10710
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng short sleeve tshirt Orange Tshirts

id : 15050
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 12275
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Genesis Navy Casual Shirt

id : 17707
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans unisex Classic Slip-On Black Casual Shoes

id : 12024
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 17556
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green & White Striped Shirt

id : 16484
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 15201
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 10773
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Red Printed Tote Bag

id : 15033
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Solid Grey Sweaters

id : 11493
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Pink Wedges

id : 12216
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Trousers

id : 17764
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Nieves Black Formal Shoe

id : 14585
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Green Tops

id : 15457
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Windstar Yellow Sandals

id : 10125
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Premier Zigfly White Sports Shoes

id : 1572
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kalenji Mens Essential Training Track Pants

id : 12672
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Yellow Shorts

id : 17300
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 12440
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Hat
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Casual Black Skull Caps

id : 18946
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Scottish Stripes Flat Knit Pack of 3 Socks

id : 17132
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Stripes Brown Handbag

id : 15665
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Netbook Stealth Slip Case Black Handbags

id : 10317
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Purple Silicon Silver Watches

id : 14571
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Bedford Black Casual Shoes

id : 11003
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Fluctuation Red Dial Watch

id : 13754
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 16226
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Capri Sweat Grey Capris

id : 16828
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Green T-shirt

id : 13566
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back Grey Innerwear Vests

id : 16014
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Maroon Scarf

id : 14743
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Purple Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11231
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Twist Houston White Watches

id : 13102
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Sf Striped Hood White Sweatshirts

id : 16470
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 14327
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Prowl White Casual Shoes

id : 10787
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Galway Placket Label Check Shirt

id : 11467
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped Blue Shirt

id : 13330
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed White Tshirts

id : 17790
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Cream Socks

id : 16642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Purple Tshirt

id : 14788
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 10328
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Spin Gents Black Watches

id : 19097
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Red Kurta

id : 18145
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Small Biker Brown Brief

id : 17931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tights
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Training Black Tights

id : 18979
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Graphic Blue Tshirt

id : 18377
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Red Boxer Trunks

id : 15468
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes T7 Blue Tshirts

id : 18713
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Solid Grey Skirt

id : 12229
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 1915
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Water Bottle
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Quechua Yellow Sipper

id : 15830
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Cream Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 18521
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Women Solid 1355 Black Sweatshirt

id : 17569
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 12827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check White Shirts

id : 14916
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Be Happy White Tshirts

id : 14318
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 19407
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jersey

id : 13901
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sweet Classic High Black Casual Shoes

id : 16817
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 19063
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Block Print Off White Kurta

id : 13559
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Flats

id : 19251
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women White Dial Watch I90192L1

id : 18383
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Racer White Innerwear Vest

id : 16219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men ILP Black Sweater

id : 11800
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Black Pigment Print Kurta

id : 14112
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Green Sweatshirts

id : 13337
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 17797
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Laddoo Feast Turquoise Tshirt

id : 16645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Polo Tee Green Tshirt

id : 13105
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Ess 3s Rainjkt Black Jackets

id : 13939
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 14320
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Shorts

id : 11652
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Race Luminous 3HD Black Dial Watch

id : 13561
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Black Flat Shoes

id : 16013
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Navy Blue Scarf

id : 14744
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 15696
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Black coffee Men George White Shirts

id : 11236
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Low Rise Blue Jeans

id : 14576
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Half Cab Black Casual Shoes

id : 11838
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 1581
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nabaiji Unisex Silicone Swimming Cap

id : 11004
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Track Black Watch

id : 19269
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Autograph Steel Watch

id : 12681
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Blue Cap

id : 13753
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Black Track Pant

id : 12447
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Shoe Accessories
articleType : Shoe Accessories
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Brown Shoe Accessories

id : 17909
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sptcas Black Sweatshirt

id : 17135
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black Handbag

id : 18941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Polo Blue Tshirt

id : 15662
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Black Dash Laptop 16 Toploader Handbag

id : 14582
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Sweaters

id : 1575
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Kipsta Men Sports White T-shirt

id : 10122
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Run Sheer White Sports Shoes

id : 12675
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Green Trousers

id : 17307
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 15034
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Navy Blue Sweaters

id : 15808
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Khaki
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Khaki Briefs

id : 12211
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Printed T-shirt

id : 17763
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Tos Black Formal Shoe

id : 12023
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 17551
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Purple & White Striped Shirt

id : 16483
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Brown Shirt

id : 15206
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Printed peach Tshirts

id : 10774
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wildcraft Unisex Olive Green Backpack

id : 19256
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Focus Steel Watch

id : 18384
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Racer Black Innerwear Vest

id : 14549
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Golden Print Black Kurtis

id : 11807
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Cotton Silk Blue Kurtas

id : 11209
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Avalance Silver Black Steel Watches

id : 19064
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Floral Print Green Kurta

id : 16810
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 19400
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 13906
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Lunarglide Grey Sports Shoes

id : 16448
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 13308
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Printed White Tops

id : 14911
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Mr. Silly Red Tshirts

id : 15239
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adi T Tennis White Casual Shoes

id : 11699
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Blue Check Shirt

id : 18526
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Analog Kids-Boys Green Watch

id : 12820
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Surf Red Slippers

id : 18714
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Issey Magenta Top

id : 1912
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Running White T-shirt

id : 15837
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Red Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 10579
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Polo Tshirts

id : 18370
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Pack Of 3 Innerwear T-Shirts

id : 19090
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Small Flower Pattern Blue Kurta

id : 12478
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Black Leather Formal Shoes

id : 17936
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Logo Tee II Black Tshirt

id : 14772
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Green Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11200
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Dial leather strap Black Watches

id : 1785
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Brighton White-Blue Shoe

id : 13557
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Gold Sandals

id : 12485
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Brown Sandals

id : 16819
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 18983
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men  Polo Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 16025
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 13765
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 16217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lifestyle  Grey Track Pant

id : 15492
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Black Heels

id : 14540
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Embroidary Beige Kurtis

id : 11032
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Blue Shirt

id : 13301
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Beige Shorts

id : 14124
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 14918
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Mr.Tickel Green Tshirts

id : 10584
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Sporty Rubber Strap Yellow Watch

id : 11456
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Olive Tshirts

id : 14316
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 11664
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Women Printed T-shirt

id : 13133
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 16441
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 17755
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 15002
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stripes White Polo Tshirts

id : 10570
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rugby Orange Tshirts

id : 15230
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Superstar 11 White Casual Shoes

id : 10742
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Kids Girl Pooh Face Orange Casual Shoes

id : 11690
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 12015
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirts

id : 12829
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Stripe Navy Blue Tracksuits

id : 17567
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Purple & White Striped Shirt

id : 15654
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Messenger Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Black Messenger Bag

id : 14786
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 10326
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Strom Agitation Gents Black Watches

id : 12471
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Shirt

id : 19099
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Salmon Pink Kurta

id : 17103
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Cream
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap Cream Wallet

id : 18977
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adi Trefoil Orange Tshirt

id : 12643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid Black  Polo T-shirts

id : 17331
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 15466
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Mens Active Padded Vest Blue Jackets

id : 1543
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Basket-Biz Sneaker

id : 10114
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Unisex Black Sports Sandals

id : 14329
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunar Swift +3 Black Sports Shoes

id : 10789
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Manitoba Piping Red Shirts

id : 14927
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Spreading Happiness Charcoal Tshirts

id : 11469
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Green Tshirts

id : 11831
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 1588
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Domyos Men White Dry-Fit T-shirt

id : 12688
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Unisex Opera Black Slippers

id : 19260
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Power Broker Copper Watch

id : 16228
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Crew  Grey SweatShirt

id : 13568
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back Grey Innerwear Vests

id : 18180
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boys-Boys Acid Wash Blue Jeans

id : 19052
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Classic Brown Flats

id : 16826
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Green Tshirt

id : 15459
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Walk Max Velcro White Sports Shoes

id : 18346
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Crew White Socks

id : 19294
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Gweny Steel Watch

id : 17900
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Red Jacket

id : 18174
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Party Frock Lavender Dress

id : 18948
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Trainer Liner Flat Knit Pack of 3 Socks

id : 10319
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Cool Chic Brown Steel Watch

id : 12816
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Driving Velcro Black Casual Shoes

id : 17558
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 1924
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Mens Racing White T-shirt

id : 15801
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Blue Briefs

id : 12218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Solid Beige Trousers

id : 18722
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Squirella White Top

id : 13796
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Stripes Grey & White Striped T-shirt

id : 12644
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Solid White Polo T-shirts

id : 15461
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Tracksuit

id : 10113
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Run Sheer White Sports Shoes

id : 1544
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Basket Bump Sneaker

id : 15653
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Simple Backpack Navy Blue Backpacks

id : 14781
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Purple Shirts

id : 10321
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women TMK Black Handbags

id : 12476
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Sandals

id : 17104
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Small  Sky Blue Wallet

id : 15237
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Porsche Design CL Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11697
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 12012
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirts

id : 18528
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids-Boys Green Digital Pop Watch

id : 17560
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red & Blue Striped Shirt

id : 12220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Basics Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 17752
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 15005
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Jackets

id : 10577
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women's Ess Black Polo Tshirts

id : 15839
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Maroon Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 14311
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Sweatshirts

id : 13134
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Red Sandals

id : 13908
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sweet Classic Leather Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17594
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Unisex Funky Eyewear Purple Sunglasses

id : 13306
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Solid Black Trousers

id : 14123
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 10583
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Nova Genesis Brown Gold Watches

id : 11451
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Black Tshirts

id : 13762
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid White Shirts

id : 19258
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Steel-Toned & Stone-Studded Dial Watch W10264L1

id : 16210
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Blue TShirt

id : 15495
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 11809
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Cotton Silk Blue Kurtas

id : 14547
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Floral Print Maroon Kurtas

id : 11035
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Purple Shirt

id : 14775
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 11207
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Grand Victory Black With Leather Strap Black Watches

id : 1782
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kalenji Men's Kapteren Black Shoe

id : 13550
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Tan Sandals

id : 12482
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 18984
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Purple Polo T-shirt

id : 16022
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Solid Khakhi Trouser

id : 1923
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kalenji Women Running Shoe

id : 15806
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BF Navy Blue Briefs

id : 18725
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Ester Purple Sweater

id : 18517
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : C Vox Men Ribstop 1348 Black Jacket

id : 12811
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dri-Fit Black Track Pants

id : 18173
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Layer Magenta Top

id : 17907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sptcas Black Sweatshirt

id : 12449
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Shoe Accessories
articleType : Shoe Accessories
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Brown Shoe Accessories

id : 19293
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Rosette White Watch

id : 17309
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 16821
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Purple T-shirt

id : 19055
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Black Kurta

id : 15698
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Black coffee Men Micheal Blue Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11836
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 19267
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Chase Steel Watch

id : 14920
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Music Rocks LT.Grey Tshirts

id : 13339
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid Black Skirts

id : 17799
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Men Journey to Petra Orange Tshirt

id : 12845
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Boys Arrow Maroon Tshirts

id : 13997
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Blue Sweatshirts

id : 12079
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Yellow Kurtas

id : 18543
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Black Heels

id : 17739
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train White Sports Shoe

id : 13399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Shirts

id : 18771
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Grey Tie

id : 14980
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Brown Belts

id : 15852
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Dance Canvas Grey Casual Shoes

id : 10178
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Bournie Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11896
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 11298
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Floyd Jeans

id : 15638
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS AD Club Pique Polo Black Tshirts

id : 17953
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Knit Beanie Grey Skull Cap

id : 16881
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Women Casual Brown Sunglasses

id : 11862
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Red & Blue Flip Flops

id : 19001
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Trefoil Red Tshirt

id : 16875
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 11608
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid White Kurtas

id : 13963
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 18785
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Black Tie

id : 14974
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Solid Black Belts

id : 14148
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Formal Steel Cufflinks

id : 17150
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Red Jacket

id : 18924
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Applique Work Red Tshirt

id : 16082
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Gradient Sunglasses MAYS-9004-103

id : 12422
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Casual Pink Casual Shoes

id : 15607
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sptcasl Grey Polo T-Shirts

id : 11095
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Knit Black Sweaters

id : 10147
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Ed Plaintoe Black Formal Shoes

id : 17362
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Maroon Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12610
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Purple Tops

id : 15051
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 17706
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans unisex Old Skool Grey Casual Shoes

id : 12274
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Navy Blue Shirts

id : 17534
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid Blue Shirt

id : 12046
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 13194
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Wirko White Casual Shoes

id : 10711
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women White Casual T-shirt

id : 15263
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Superstar 2 Black Casual Shoes

id : 11405
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men Light Winter White T-Shirts

id : 15899
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Happy Canvas Orange Casual Shoes

id : 16620
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Red Shirt

id : 13352
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Jeunes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16412
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Red & Cream Striped Shirt

id : 13160
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women MC Pink Tshirts

id : 18588
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lifestyle Pack of 3 Socks

id : 11637
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Slim Pedal Rose Gold Black Watches

id : 14345
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Free Run +2 Grey Sports Shoes

id : 15297
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex  FT Grey Shoulderbag

id : 16076
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Pace Tall Messenger Black Netbook Bag

id : 17998
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2009.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Tee Red Tshirt

id : 13504
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Kutta Pyjama White Tshirts

id : 11253
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Tro Olive Trousers

id : 10381
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 14721
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers For Her Women Casual Shirt Purple Shirts

id : 14513
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Light Blue Thin White & Grey Striped Shirt

id : 17396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Socks

id : 13736
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Red Shirts

id : 18782
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Cream Tie

id : 13964
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Check White Shirts

id : 13158
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Festival Fuchsia Pink Tshirts

id : 14719
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Casual Top Green Tops

id : 16872
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 19006
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Graphic Print Black Tshirt

id : 19234
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallet

id : 11059
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Green Check Shirt

id : 11865
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Grey Slippers

id : 17168
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Mustard
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Mustard Shirt

id : 17954
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Cuffed Beanie Blue Skull Cap

id : 16886
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Brown Sunglasses

id : 16288
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Grey TShirt

id : 18312
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Sport Men Grey Striped Sweater

id : 1528
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Black Fleece Jacket

id : 11891
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Tan Formal Shoes

id : 18776
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Purple Tie

id : 14987
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Sweatshirts

id : 15855
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Jerry  Grey Sandals

id : 15069
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Sandal

id : 10729
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Lorra Black Black Handbags

id : 14389
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Brown Heels

id : 12842
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Warrior Kids Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 18544
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Blue Heels

id : 10988
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Women Flying Advantures Pink Tshirts

id : 14514
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Brown & White Striped Shirt

id : 17391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Navy Blue Socks

id : 13731
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 16071
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Beige Trouser

id : 13503
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men AAA-CHHE Green T-shirts

id : 19039
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Brown Heels

id : 11254
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Edition Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 10386
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Vitality Gold Stones  169 White Watches

id : 14726
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Skull Print Purple Tshirts

id : 16415
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Stripes Maroon Tshirts

id : 12889
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Furure Cat White Sports Shoes

id : 13167
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Prospeed Black Sports Shoes

id : 11630
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 14342
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Feild Trainer textile Maroon Sports Shoes

id : 15290
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Novarro White Sports Shoes

id : 11402
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Winter Black Sweatshirts

id : 14170
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Rough Finish Black Belts

id : 16627
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Rust
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Rust Tshirt

id : 12287
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 13355
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Toddler Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17533
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Hat
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Beanie Black Skull Caps

id : 12041
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Pink Striped Shirt

id : 13193
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Jive Green Slippers

id : 10716
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Training Sports Bra

id : 15264
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Ulama Black Casual Shoes

id : 15056
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoe

id : 17701
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Chauffeur Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 12273
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Striped Shirt

id : 18749
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Hallie Red Shirt

id : 11092
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirt

id : 10140
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Rocks Houston Black Silver Watches

id : 17365
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Blue Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12617
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18923
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Women Work Western Red Shirt

id : 17157
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Maroon Shirt

id : 16085
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mayhem Women Gradiant Sunglasses MAYS-9007-202

id : 12425
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 10372
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Beige Tshirts

id : 15600
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Grey Sweatshirts

id : 16078
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belkin Unisex Dash Tall Messenger Black Netbook Bag

id : 16844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Blue Sunglasses

id : 19030
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Shoes

id : 17996
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Wind Navy Blue Track Pant

id : 11853
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Black Flip Flops

id : 17398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Multi
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Multi Socks

id : 19202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped White Shirt

id : 13738
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Green Shirts

id : 15897
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Wave Flop Green Slippers

id : 14945
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 13952
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Stripes White Tops

id : 12880
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 18586
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Fundamental Sneakers Olive Socks

id : 11639
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Flux L Black Watches

id : 15299
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Ranger Navy Blue Sports Shoes

id : 15863
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Face Sandal Grey Sandals

id : 17708
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans unisex Authentic Purple Casual Shoes

id : 18740
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Tigi Olive Top

id : 12874
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 18572
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Blue Sweater

id : 17962
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Tango Black Slipper

id : 15609
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Trainng Grey Shorts

id : 10149
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Ed Plaintoe Brown Formal Shoes

id : 18324
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 11606
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Grey Kurtas

id : 14374
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Turquoise Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Turquoise Blue Flats

id : 16423
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 13151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jersey Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 12083
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 16611
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Black Trousers

id : 13363
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Jeunes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11434
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Grey Tops

id : 15094
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Orange Kurtas

id : 16275
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Free Authority Men Stripes Purple Sweatshirts

id : 13707
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Solid Red Polo Tshirt

id : 10182
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Style Cat White Casual Shoes

id : 11050
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 14522
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Light Brown & White Striped Shirt

id : 11262
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men TR Yarn Dyed Beige Trousers

id : 16047
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Maroon Slim Fit Shirt

id : 17195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Green Sweater

id : 13535
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Response Cushion White Sports Shoes

id : 16281
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Batman Men Batman Grey Sweatshirts

id : 12621
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 10176
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Cloud 9 Black Casual Shoes

id : 11898
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 10344
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Purple Tshirts

id : 11296
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Custom Jeans

id : 15636
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Airtight Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 18915
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Work Western Red Shirt

id : 17161
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Purple Shirt

id : 12413
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Casual Brown Wallets

id : 10720
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Ftbll/Socc shorts White Shorts

id : 15252
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adi Sun M Olive Slippers

id : 14380
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle White Casual Shoes

id : 13999
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 17505
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes White Polo T-Shirt

id : 12077
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtas

id : 17737
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train Black Slipper

id : 13397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 12245
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Maroon Formal Shirt

id : 10512
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS Blue Tshirts

id : 15060
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 12619
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 18323
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Green Shirt

id : 17159
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Blue Shirt

id : 17965
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Black Sandal

id : 12873
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Provogue Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 18575
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ghetto Halftone White T-shirt

id : 10718
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng sports bra Orange Tops

id : 15864
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD FAce Sandal Navy Blue Sandals

id : 15058
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Formal Shoe

id : 1941
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Brown Bag

id : 18747
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Magenta Top

id : 13955
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 18581
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Formstripe Short Black Socks

id : 13169
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Double Agent Black Sandals

id : 15890
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Pink
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TW Rainbow Clog Pink Sandals

id : 14942
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Black Tshirts

id : 16629
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Black Printed T-shirt

id : 12289
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 11854
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 19037
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Black Heels

id : 16843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 17991
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Printed Maroon Tie

id : 10388
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Pliancy 199 Pink Watches

id : 14728
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Dog Print Brown Tshirts

id : 17730
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Unlimited Hi Evo Lux Sneakers

id : 18778
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elite Purple Tie

id : 13390
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 12242
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men White Shirt

id : 14989
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Aqua Blue Sweatshirts

id : 15067
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Sandal

id : 10727
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Dusvatar Brown Brown Handbags

id : 15255
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Superstar 2 White Casual Shoes

id : 14387
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Beige Flats

id : 17502
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Mustard
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Yellow Polo T-Shirt

id : 12070
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 10343
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Tshirts

id : 11291
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Millard Jeans

id : 15631
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Navy Cricket Track Pants

id : 17166
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Maroon Shirt

id : 18912
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Classics Formula One Red Shirt

id : 12414
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Casual Black Wallets

id : 16888
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 16286
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Green TShirt

id : 12626
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 1526
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Big Cat Backpack Black

id : 10171
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men vertigo Brown Shoes

id : 11265
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men TR Yarn Dyed Black Trousers

id : 14717
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Casual Top Black Tops

id : 17192
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Maroon Shirt

id : 19008
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Graphic Black Tshirt

id : 13532
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Blue Resp Trail 18 M Sports Shoe

id : 16272
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Red & White Striped Shirt

id : 13700
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Elite Speed White Sports Shoes

id : 10185
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Price catch White Shirts

id : 11057
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 16616
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Green Shirt

id : 13364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Toddler Beige Casual Shoes

id : 11433
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Mauve
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Mauve Vest

id : 15093
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Solid Brown Tunics

id : 14141
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 11601
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Cream Kurtas

id : 14373
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 16424
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Blue  Tshirts

id : 13156
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jersey Green Polo Tshirts

id : 12084
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 17376
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Red Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12604
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Printed Purple Tops

id : 11081
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 10153
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Drsp SLip On Brown Formal Shoes

id : 10361
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Graphic Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 15613
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Runng Black Shorts

id : 18930
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Red Tshirt

id : 17144
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Grey Belt

id : 16096
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Unisex My Fab Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 17978
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Funpack Red Casual Shoe With Extra Lace

id : 12436
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Blue Socks

id : 10705
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Twist Black Houston Silver Watches

id : 15277
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 12052
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men White Polo T-Shirts

id : 18568
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Benecio Canvas White Casual Shoes

id : 13180
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Dls Maxim Silver Sports Shoes

id : 17712
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Women E-Street Grey Casual Shoes

id : 12260
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Blue Striped Formal Shirt

id : 15879
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Jerry  Black Sandals

id : 14197
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : AND Women Solid Black Dresses

id : 15045
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Boys Printed Black Tshirts

id : 11623
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Check Navy  Blue Kurtis

id : 14351
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Heels

id : 15283
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Men Eagle Print Blue Tshirts

id : 16406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Maroon Shirts

id : 13948
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13174
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Ever Lasting Black Sandals

id : 16634
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Green Tshirt

id : 13346
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11411
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Olive Shirts

id : 14163
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 17382
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Multi Muffler

id : 16250
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13722
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Navy & White Patterned Beanie

id : 19218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Tie

id : 11075
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Blue Sweaters

id : 11849
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Blue Flip Flops

id : 14507
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jerseys

id : 11247
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Churidar
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Women Solid White Churidar

id : 10395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cardiac II Red Watches

id : 14735
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 16062
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Navy Blue Trouser

id : 13510
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Say Cheese Green Tshirts

id : 10508
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN SL Black Top

id : 14994
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Check Black Sweaters

id : 15846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Grey Stripes Casual T-Shirts

id : 18765
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 12851
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Crystal Button Black Tops

id : 13983
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Jive Red Slippers

id : 18557
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Heels

id : 15248
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Chord Black Casual Shoes

id : 18133
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Square Neck Tee White Innerwear Vests

id : 17947
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men No. 1 logo Blue Track Pant

id : 16895
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Unisex Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 12409
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Beige Socks

id : 11882
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 18301
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Nanki Green Kurta

id : 16861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 19015
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women G Trf Graph Pink T-Shirt

id : 11278
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Celebrate Indigo Green Tshirts

id : 10198
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hddcs Beige Handbags

id : 11876
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 14538
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Golden Print Black and Blue Kurtis

id : 19227
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Green Tie

id : 14960
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Printed Blue Jackets

id : 18791
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Elements Black Wallet

id : 13379
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Infant Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16439
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Red Tshirts

id : 13977
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 917 SL Graphic Grey Casual Shoes

id : 12099
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Red White Kurtas

id : 11240
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Low Rise Blue Jeans

id : 10392
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Pure Pliancy 258 White Watches

id : 14732
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 16065
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Blue Trouser

id : 13517
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Draculla & Sons Yellow Tshirts

id : 16859
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Unisex Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 17385
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Red Muffler

id : 13725
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Maroon & Black Patterned Beanie

id : 11072
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Black Shirts

id : 14500
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16633
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Green Printed T-shirt

id : 13341
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Girls Purple Capris

id : 14958
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 11416
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Black Sweatshirt

id : 14164
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Formal Steel Cufflinks

id : 11624
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Grey Kurtas

id : 14356
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Copper Flats

id : 15284
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Tenet Black Sports Shoes

id : 16401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Charcoal Shirts

id : 17715
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Brown Shirt

id : 12267
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Blue Formal Shirt

id : 15042
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Unisex Blue Chelsea Jersey

id : 10702
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Lissomy Glam Silver Black Steel Watches

id : 15270
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Top Ten low Sleek Pink Casual Shoes

id : 12869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 17527
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hidekraft Casual Women Wallet

id : 12055
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Black T-shirt

id : 13187
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men White Stradd Shoes

id : 10366
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Skirt

id : 1731
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women White Blue Frisker Shoes

id : 15614
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Football Soccer Black Tshirts

id : 17143
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black Clutch

id : 18937
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Purple Tshirt

id : 16091
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 12431
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17371
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Red Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 12603
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Red Tshirts

id : 11086
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirt

id : 10154
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Bal Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13970
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Speeder Black Sports Shoes

id : 14369
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Heels

id : 14967
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Zip Pocket Wallet

id : 11429
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Black Light Winter Top

id : 15089
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Check White Shirts

id : 18796
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Messenger Bag
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Olive Bag

id : 11871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 19220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Tie

id : 17188
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Blue Shirt

id : 13528
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Navy Blue Printed Trousers

id : 19012
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Supergirl TT Pink Jacket

id : 16866
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 11885
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Blue Formal Shoes

id : 15419
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Unisex Silver Black Backpacks

id : 18306
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check White Shirt

id : 18908
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Adi Linear Blue Flip Flops

id : 17940
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes T7 Green Tshirt

id : 16892
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Unisex Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 10359
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 12856
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 13984
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 18550
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Brown Casual Shoes

id : 14993
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 15841
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Green Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 12258
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 18762
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Aiyanna Black Shirt

id : 11420
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Blue Tshirts

id : 15080
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Orange Kurtis

id : 14152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 16605
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Check Black Shirt

id : 13377
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Grey Casual Shoes

id : 13979
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jiff Black Sandals

id : 16437
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 12097
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 11612
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Brown Kurtas

id : 14360
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 16053
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 17181
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Blue Shirt

id : 13521
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Grey Tops

id : 11276
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Running Maroon Sweatshirt

id : 14704
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 10196
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hddcs Green Handbags

id : 11044
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check White Shirts

id : 14536
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Flower Print White Kurtis

id : 11878
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 19229
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Brown Tie

id : 13713
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 17175
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Grey Shirt

id : 18901
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Adicolor Green Cap

id : 12407
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Brown Striped Socks

id : 17949
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Swoosh White Bandana

id : 10350
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Applique Work Purple T-shirt

id : 11282
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 15622
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AD Breakline OH Black Track Pants

id : 1535
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Logo Cap

id : 10162
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men 917 Lo Paint Splatter White Casual Shoes

id : 15410
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Velvet Black Flip Flops

id : 16295
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Yellow Polo T-Shirt

id : 12635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Yellow Tshirts

id : 15848
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Adults-Unisex SD Fly Clog Orange Sandals

id : 10506
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Fuschia Red Tshirts

id : 15074
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Sandal

id : 17723
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Medium Grey Shirt

id : 13383
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 12251
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirts

id : 17511
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Grey Polo T-Shirt

id : 18559
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 12063
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 10734
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Mcc Green Green Handbags

id : 15246
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Gazelle 2 White Casual Shoes

id : 14509
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex White Shoes

id : 10995
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Respest Me Black Tshirts

id : 11847
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men White Flip Flops

id : 19024
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Fashion Cut-Out Pink Flats

id : 16850
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 17982
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Wirko White Sports Shoes

id : 13946
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Tops

id : 16408
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Check Red Shirts

id : 18592
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Sport Quarters Pack of 3 Socks

id : 13348
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 15883
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TJ Check Skate Pink Casual Shoes

id : 14951
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Maroon Tshirts

id : 15279
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sports Black Socks

id : 12860
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 18566
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Black Wallet

id : 18754
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Kaya Pink Dress

id : 15877
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Big Face Blue Slippers

id : 17378
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 16098
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 12438
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Casual Black Caps

id : 17976
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Hopper Black Sandal

id : 17516
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Magenta Sweater

id : 12858
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 12064
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Majenta Pink Kurtas

id : 10733
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Mcc Purple Purple Handbags

id : 15241
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Stan Smith 2 Tan Casual Shoes

id : 10501
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS White T-shirt

id : 15073
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Black Sandal

id : 17724
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 13384
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Toddler Brown Casual Shoes

id : 1532
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Grey Leaping Cat T-shirt

id : 15417
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : FILA Women Tenet White Sports Shoes

id : 16292
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 12632
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 18308
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Striped Green T-shirt

id : 18906
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men J-RUN III White Sports Shoes

id : 17172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Blue Shirt

id : 12400
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Beige Socks

id : 10357
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Maroon Polo Tshirt

id : 11285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 15625
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Squad FT LS Crew Grey Sweatshirts

id : 11043
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check White Shirts

id : 14531
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 13714
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Black Sleeveless Sweater

id : 16054
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Grey Trouser

id : 17186
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Maroon Shirt

id : 16868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 14703
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 16430
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Blue  Tshirts

id : 12090
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtas

id : 11615
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Green Kurtas

id : 14367
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 11427
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Purple Tops

id : 14969
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Smooth Finish Wallet

id : 15087
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 16602
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Check Black Shirt

id : 13370
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Jeunes Grey Casual Shoes

id : 18798
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Beige Bag

id : 18939
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Black Tshirt

id : 17971
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rio Black Sandal

id : 11088
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 18753
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Megan Blue Top

id : 15870
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Notebook Canvas Blue Casual Shoes

id : 17529
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Sports Black Caps

id : 12867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 13189
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Dls Nitrous Black Sports Shoes

id : 18561
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Blue Casual Shoe

id : 15884
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Chase Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11418
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Black Tshirts

id : 14956
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 14358
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Heels

id : 13941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 12893
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Hush Puppies Men Jungle Brown Formal Shoes

id : 18595
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Casual Black Wallet

id : 16857
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19023
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Sequins Sliver Heels

id : 13519
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes White Sweatshirts

id : 17985
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Unisex Laptop Grey Backpack

id : 19211
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Belt

id : 10992
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Dust Rider Purple Tshirts

id : 11840
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Beige Casual Shoes

id : 1559
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Quechua Blue Light Backpack

id : 12659
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 18363
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Deckers White Shoes

id : 19083
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Flower Off White Kurta

id : 17925
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Casual Blue Capri

id : 12833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Spirit Green Tshirts

id : 10758
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Kids Girls Princess Heart Blue Casual Shoes

id : 15018
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Grey Sweatshirts

id : 15824
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Orange
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fitness Orange Innerwear Vest

id : 18707
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Pack of Three 100% Cotton Plain Hipsters

id : 13129
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Olive Slippers

id : 17589
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 13915
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men 2.04 SL White Sports Shoes

id : 14902
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Wallets

id : 11814
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Brown Kurtas

id : 15488
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Tan Brown Boots

id : 11028
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Kangroo Pocket Tunic

id : 19245
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Tech Graphic Hooded Jacket

id : 19077
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Round Bottom Red Kurta

id : 16803
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ANT Kids Girls Solid Beige Short

id : 18999
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Adi Firebird TT Black Jacket

id : 14768
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men White Shirt

id : 18738
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Yuli Olive Top

id : 12202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Yellow Polo T-shirt

id : 17770
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Buckaroo Men Vez Brown Sandal

id : 15027
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Solid Pink Sweatshirts

id : 11487
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Flux-M Black Red Black Watches

id : 15215
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Black  Backpack

id : 10767
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic White Flip Flops

id : 12030
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Red Striped Shirt

id : 17542
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White & Black Striped Shirt

id : 16490
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Grey TShirt

id : 15671
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men High Original Blue Jeans

id : 10303
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Brown Leather Sandals

id : 1754
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Marcello Black T-shirt

id : 12454
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Belts

id : 17126
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Front Pocket Brown Handbag

id : 18952
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Fader Stripes Flat Knit Crew Pack of 3 Socks

id : 12666
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 17314
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 1566
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Artengo Men Black Cap

id : 10131
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Romain Brown Steel Watches

id : 14757
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 15685
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Khaki Trousers

id : 11225
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Cinecitta Black Steel Watches

id : 19048
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Closed Brown Sandals

id : 13572
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Racer Back Red Innerwear Vests

id : 16000
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Black Sweaters

id : 12692
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Transform Black Sports Shoes

id : 13740
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 16232
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ess Hooded Grey Sweatshirt

id : 14565
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Classic Slip-On Black Casual Shoes

id : 1592
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta Men's Superfit Football Red Shoe

id : 11017
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Floral Print Blue Top

id : 13324
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Blue Shirts

id : 17784
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Printed Brown Tie

id : 14101
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 11473
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Summer White Shirts

id : 14333
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Downshifter 3MSL White Sports Shoes

id : 11641
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Inspirartion Black Watch

id : 10793
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Authentic Rope Embro Red Shirts

id : 13116
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Shoes

id : 16464
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Green Shirt

id : 16804
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ANT Kids Girls Printed White Dress

id : 12498
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Short Green T-shirt

id : 19070
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Floral Print Blue Kurta

id : 16038
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 1798
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Men Slt Compression T-shirt

id : 11813
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pigment Print Pink Kurtas

id : 19242
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Grey Capri Pants

id : 13778
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Grey Trousers

id : 14139
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 10599
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Tennis White Caps

id : 14905
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Red Belts

id : 13912
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Lunarelite Navy Blue Sports Shoes

id : 11679
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 1906
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1905 Football Federation T-shirt

id : 15823
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Hunk Charcoal Innerwear Vest

id : 18700
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Hip Briefs

id : 17748
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train Black Sports Shoe

id : 18532
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Analog Kids-Boys Torquoise Blue Watch

id : 12008
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green Striped Shirt

id : 12834
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Unisex Cute Chick Blue Tshirts

id : 19084
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Block Print Off White Kurta

id : 17922
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Polo Dark Brown T-shirt

id : 15649
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Trainng Grey Tops

id : 10109
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Denim Analogue Steel Watch

id : 18364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men White V-Brief

id : 14334
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarglide +3 White Sports Shoes

id : 11646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Rim White Dial Watch

id : 10794
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Warnick Square Block Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13111
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men F 50 Style Black Shorts

id : 16463
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Yellow Shirt

id : 13323
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 17783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Tie

id : 14106
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 12695
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Press Black Sports Shoes

id : 13747
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 14562
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Old Skool Black Casual Shoes

id : 1595
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Men Good Stroke Black T-shirt

id : 11010
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Smocked Yoke Purple Tops

id : 14750
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 15682
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinosdk.Cream Trousers

id : 11222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Avalance Silver Steel Watches

id : 16007
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Red TShirt

id : 12661
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 19289
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Grey Dial Watch with Swarovski Elements W70036L4

id : 17313
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 14596
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Stockings

id : 10136
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Pure Vitality Black Steel Watches

id : 1561
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Women Sweat Proof White T-shirt

id : 15676
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men High Original Blue Jeans

id : 10304
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Vieri Deck Leather Black Sandals

id : 12453
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Belt

id : 18169
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Party Frock Pink Dress

id : 18955
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Argyle Flat Knit Crew Pack of 3 Socks

id : 17121
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Golden Chain Black Handbag

id : 10760
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Red Flip Flops

id : 12037
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid White Shirts

id : 17545
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Brown & White Striped Shirt

id : 16497
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Red TShirt

id : 17777
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Classic Black Belt

id : 15020
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Maroon Jackets

id : 1939
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Geonaute Women Large Outdoor Bag Bag

id : 11480
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Grey Top

id : 14933
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Check Navy Blue Shorts

id : 13118
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Shoes

id : 13924
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Dart 9 MSL Black Sports Shoes

id : 14759
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Brown Shirts

id : 18194
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Graphic Green Tshirt

id : 16832
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Pink Tshirt

id : 19046
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Ethnic Multi Heels

id : 19274
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Glisten Gold Watch

id : 11825
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 11019
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Check Purple Shirt

id : 17914
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Polo Black T-shirt

id : 17128
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Purple Handbag

id : 18352
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Grey Socks

id : 19280
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Prism Gold Watch

id : 12668
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed White Shirts

id : 18736
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Rima Red Dress

id : 1930
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua 22L Red Bag

id : 15029
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Stripes Purple Sweatshirts

id : 15815
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BF Grey Briefs

id : 11489
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Flash Black Watch

id : 10769
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic White Flip Flops

id : 12802
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Flower Green Tshirts

id : 15486
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Black Boots

id : 14554
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men 106 Vulcanized CA Black Casual Shoes

id : 11026
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Navy Blue Top

id : 13771
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 16203
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Hooded Blue SweatShirt

id : 13543
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Red Flats

id : 19079
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Floral Print Off White Kurta

id : 12491
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Women Crap Green Tshirts

id : 18997
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Woolie Stripes Black Cap

id : 16031
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 14766
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 11214
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Silver Stardust Steel Watches

id : 1791
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua 10L Black Bag

id : 13127
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16455
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 17587
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Unisex Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 14302
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Printed pack of 3 Tshirts

id : 14130
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Washed Black Jeans

id : 11442
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Purple Tops

id : 13315
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Blue Shirts

id : 12001
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 17573
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 15224
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Vespa PK LO Black Casual Shoes

id : 10756
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Kids Welding Red Casual Shoes

id : 11684
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Striped Shirt

id : 15016
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Sweatshirts

id : 10564
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Large Logo Ringer White Tshirts

id : 12233
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Green Shirts

id : 18709
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Pack of Three 100% Cotton Plain Bikini Briefs

id : 17741
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Body Train White Sports Shoe

id : 15472
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Blue Tshirts

id : 1557
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : Quechua Spacious Blue-Black Backpack

id : 13785
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 12657
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 17325
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Unisex Casual Sunglasses

id : 12465
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Stoles
articleType : Stoles
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Checked Stoles

id : 18963
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Sweatshirt

id : 17117
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Crystal Black Clutch

id : 15640
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lebron 3D White Tshirts

id : 14792
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Beige Handbags

id : 1765
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Women White T-shirt

id : 10332
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men cataclasite Brown Belts

id : 12039
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue Shirt

id : 12805
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 16499
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Maroon TShirt

id : 18731
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Georgina 2 Navy Blue Sweater

id : 17779
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Olive Belt

id : 1937
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kalenji Women Black Pink Shoe

id : 15812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Blue Briefs

id : 18355
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ankel White Socks

id : 19287
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Party Girl White Watch

id : 14598
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Stockings

id : 10138
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Spark Pink Silver Watches

id : 15678
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Beige Trousers

id : 17913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Grey Sweatshirt

id : 18167
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Party Frock Purple Dress

id : 13749
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 19273
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Prism White Dial Watch W13564L1

id : 11822
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Deni Yo Men Washed Blue Slim Fit Jeans

id : 19041
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Moccasin Black Casual Shoes

id : 16835
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 16009
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Blue TShirt

id : 11648
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Spectrum Black Dial Watch

id : 13923
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dart 9 Leather Black Sports Shoes

id : 14108
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Brown Sweatshirts

id : 14934
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Check Red Shorts

id : 12462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Waistcoat
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Brown Checked Waistcoat

id : 17110
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Gold Clutch

id : 18964
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Dark Grey Sweatshirt

id : 15647
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Runng Black Jerseys

id : 10335
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Striped Magenta Top

id : 1762
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Women Cathy Blue T-shirt

id : 15475
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Blue Tshirts

id : 1550
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Footballs
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Cat Trainer-WBL Football

id : 10107
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Analogue Leather Steel Watches

id : 13782
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 12650
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 17322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 15011
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Track Pants

id : 10563
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Large Logo Ringer Black Tshirts

id : 12234
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check Black Shirts

id : 17746
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Excitmo I FG White Sports Shoe

id : 12006
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green Striped Shirt

id : 15223
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men ZX Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 10751
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Breakline Grey Track Pants

id : 11683
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 14137
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Formal Steel Cufflinks

id : 10597
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Skinny Jack Blue Jeans

id : 11445
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women  Winter White Printed Top

id : 13312
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid Navy Blue Shirts

id : 13120
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Ess 3s Rainjkt Navy Blue Jackets

id : 16452
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Red Shirt

id : 17580
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid Navy Blue Trouser

id : 14305
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Casual Red Sandals

id : 11677
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 13544
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Coffee Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Coffee Brown Desert Boots

id : 12496
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Short Grey T-shirt

id : 18990
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Black Tshirt

id : 16036
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Green Shirt

id : 14761
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 11213
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Snake Turqouise Steel Watches

id : 1796
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Men Performance Blue T-shirt

id : 15481
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Black Short

id : 11021
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Freedom Spirit Black T-Shirts

id : 13776
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Printed Cream Tshirts

id : 16204
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Disect Black TShirt

id : 16869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13527
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers For Her Women Lightwork White Shirts

id : 16055
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Blue Trouser

id : 17187
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Navy Blue Shirt

id : 14702
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Jackets

id : 11270
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Ss Cruiser Maroon T-Shirts

id : 14530
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 10190
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Club Poplin White Shirts

id : 11042
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 13715
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Solid Black Polo Tshirt

id : 15086
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 11426
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Blue Shirts

id : 14968
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Vintage Washed Wallet

id : 18799
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Khaki
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Khakhi Bag

id : 13371
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Toddler Black Casual Shoes

id : 16603
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Check Black Shirt

id : 13143
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Silver Flats

id : 12091
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 16431
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 14366
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Beige Heels

id : 11614
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid White Kurtas

id : 15072
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Casual Shoe

id : 10500
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women OS Blue Tops

id : 13385
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Tan Casual Shoes

id : 12257
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Red Striped Formal Shirt

id : 17725
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Maroon Shirt

id : 12065
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 12859
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 15240
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Valley-Fdt Black Casual Shoes

id : 14392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Ess Sweat Pants Track Pant

id : 10732
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Lorra Red Red Handbags

id : 12401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid  Navy Blue Socks

id : 17173
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Black Shirt

id : 18907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Adi Linear Red Slippers

id : 15624
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women AS Squad Fleece FZ Hoody Grey Sweatshirts

id : 10356
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 11284
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 15416
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men New Percorso Tech Grey Casual Shoes

id : 1533
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cat Red T-shirt

id : 10164
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Green strap witrh green dial Green Watches

id : 12633
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 18309
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Striped Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 16293
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Red Polo T-Shirt

id : 14359
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Copper Heels

id : 18594
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : New Hide Men Antique Brown Wallet

id : 13940
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 12892
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 15885
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Chase Casual Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 14957
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 19210
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Belt

id : 10993
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Tea Kwon Do Grey Tshirts

id : 11841
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 19022
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Trendy Tan Flats

id : 16856
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 17984
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Unisex Laptop Black Backpack

id : 13518
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 11089
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Blue Check Shirt

id : 10369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Checks Blue Shirts

id : 17970
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Hopper Black Sandal

id : 18938
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Purple Tshirt

id : 18560
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 13188
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Dls Spry Black Sports Shoes

id : 12866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Casual Black Slippers

id : 18752
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Kiki Brown Top

id : 15871
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Girls TJ Notebook Canvas Pink Casual Shoes

id : 1534
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Leaping Cat T-shirt

id : 12634
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 12406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Beige Socks

id : 17948
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men South Africa  Grey Track Pant

id : 18900
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Igor Black Top

id : 17174
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Brown Shirt

id : 15623
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women AS Squad Fleece FZ Hoody Purple Sweatshirts

id : 10351
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Check Skirt Grey Skirts

id : 11283
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 18558
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Tan Heels

id : 12062
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 17510
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes White Polo T-Shirt

id : 15247
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Superstar 11 IS Black Casual Shoes

id : 14395
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Pink Flats

id : 10735
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Mcc Black Black Handbags

id : 15075
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Solid Beige Shirts

id : 15849
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Safari Flop Red Slippers

id : 10507
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Pink Polo Tshirts

id : 13382
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17722
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Grey Shirt

id : 13144
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Heels

id : 12096
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 13978
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Wirko White Casual Shoes

id : 16436
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 14361
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Heels

id : 11613
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Teal Blue Kurtas

id : 15081
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Purple Kurtis

id : 11421
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 13376
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Femmes Blue Casual Shoes

id : 16604
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Check Black Shirt

id : 14537
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Circle Print Brown Kurtas

id : 11879
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 10197
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hddcs Brown Handbags

id : 11045
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check White Shirts

id : 19228
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped Navy Blue Tie

id : 13712
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Solid Black Polo Tshirt

id : 13520
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Solid Purple Sweaters

id : 16052
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes White Shirt

id : 17180
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Pink Shirt

id : 11277
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Crickt Blue Track Pants

id : 18755
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Kaya Blue Dress

id : 15876
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Beach Slipper Red Slippers

id : 15278
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sports White Socks

id : 18567
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Faas 300 Yellow Sports Shoes

id : 12861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 12439
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Hat
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Casual Red Skull Caps

id : 17977
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Wirko Black Sports Shoe

id : 16099
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Women My Fab Eyewear Red Sunglasses

id : 17379
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Blue Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 11248
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Solid Khaki Trousers

id : 16851
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 19025
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Peep Toe Blue Peep Toes

id : 17983
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Unisex Laptop  Black Backpack

id : 19217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped Black Tie

id : 10994
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Men Near Future Black Tshirts

id : 14508
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Navy Blue Jerseys

id : 11846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Red Flip Flops

id : 13349
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 15882
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Check Skate Black Casual Shoes

id : 14950
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Stripes Purple Tshirts

id : 18593
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Volt White Sports Shoes

id : 13947
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Tshirts

id : 16409
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Striped Grey Shirt

id : 12895
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Boys Black Furure Cat Remix Sports Shoes

id : 15271
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women Top Ten HI Sleek Silver Casual Shoes

id : 12054
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Printed White T-Shirts

id : 13186
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Black Stradd Shoes

id : 12868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 12266
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Blue Formal Shirt

id : 17714
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Red Shirt

id : 15043
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 12602
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Green Tshirts

id : 17370
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 11087
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Green Check Shirt

id : 10155
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Tr Bal Brown Casual Shoes

id : 15615
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Running Red Jerseys

id : 1730
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Black Pink Frisker Shoe

id : 10367
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Checks Purple Shirts

id : 12430
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 18936
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Green Tshirt

id : 17142
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Brown Handbag

id : 16090
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13724
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Men Black Patterned Beanie

id : 17384
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Cream Muffler

id : 14501
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 11073
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Black Sweaters

id : 14733
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 11241
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Veron Grey Jeans

id : 10393
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Spark 351 Black Watches

id : 13516
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Washed Blue Skirts

id : 16858
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 16064
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Black Trousers

id : 14357
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 15285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Tenet White Sports Shoes

id : 11625
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Red Kurtas

id : 13172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Summers Brown Sandals

id : 16400
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Grey & Navy Blue Striped Shirt

id : 12292
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 13340
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Solid Black Skirts

id : 16632
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Red Tshirt

id : 14165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Snake Skin Look Black Belts

id : 14959
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Solid Grey Jackets

id : 11417
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Blue Tshirts

id : 18135
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Sport Dark Grey Shorts

id : 17941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Striped Jersey Red Tshirt

id : 16893
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Unisex Casual Black Sunglasses

id : 18909
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Adi Linear Black Slippers

id : 10358
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Polo Blue Tshirts

id : 15418
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Women Hex II White Sports Shoes

id : 11884
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Black Formal Shoes

id : 18307
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wills Lifestyle Men Check Brown Shirt

id : 15840
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Visudh Mustard Printed Ethnic Kurta

id : 12259
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Grey Formal Shirt

id : 18763
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Ariella White Shirt

id : 18551
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women  Brown Casual Shoe

id : 12857
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Brown Casual Shoes

id : 13985
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jiyu 2 Black Casual Shoes

id : 15088
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Men Printed Black Kurtis

id : 14966
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Newhide Antique Wallet

id : 11428
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women  Winter Black Animal Print Top

id : 18797
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Casual Grey Bag

id : 13971
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Speeder Wn's Black Sports Shoes

id : 14368
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Flats

id : 13529
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Blue Stripes Tshirt

id : 16867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 19013
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women G Couple Black Tshirt

id : 17189
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Checks Maroon Shirt

id : 11870
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Brown Formal Shoes

id : 19221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Black Tie

id : 12295
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Solid White Shirts

id : 13347
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Black Tshirt

id : 14162
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 11410
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Winter Grey T-shirt

id : 14350
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Black Flats

id : 11622
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Check Blue Kurtas

id : 16407
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 13949
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Blue Handbags

id : 14734
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 11246
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Urban Yoga Unisex Solid Grey Sweatshirts

id : 10394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Cardiac Red Watches

id : 13511
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Mumbai Opens White Tshirts

id : 16063
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Solid Olive Trouser

id : 19219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Striped White Tie

id : 17383
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Cream Muffler

id : 16251
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Shirts

id : 11848
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Black Flip Flop

id : 14506
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 11074
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Blue Sweaters

id : 15612
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Thermal Grey Track Pants

id : 10360
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Black Dress

id : 17979
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Black Hip Hop Shoes

id : 12437
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Casual Green Caps

id : 18931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Graphic Print Blue Tshirt

id : 12605
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Stripes Black Tops

id : 17377
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Accessories
articleType : Accessory Gift Set
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Formal Purple Tie+Cufflink+Pocket square - Combo Pack

id : 11080
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Green Shirts

id : 10152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men TR Bal Black Casual Shoes

id : 17713
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 15044
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Kids Boys Printed Yellow Tshirts

id : 15878
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Big Face Yellow Slippers

id : 15276
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men pack of 3 Sports Socks

id : 10704
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Organic Pretty Black Houston Steel Watches

id : 12053
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Printed White T-Shirts

id : 13181
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Dls Game White Sports Shoes

id : 18569
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Solid Red Sweater

id : 11877
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 14539
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Flower Print Maroon Kurtis

id : 10199
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Emma Black Handbags

id : 19226
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Tie

id : 19014
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Women G Tee Birds White Tshirt

id : 16860
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Idee Men Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 11279
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue Texas Jeans

id : 12098
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Beige Kurtas

id : 16438
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levi's Men Printed Blue  Tshirts

id : 13976
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Jive Navy Blue Slippers

id : 14961
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Printed Red Jackets

id : 13378
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Infant Pink Casual Shoes

id : 18556
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Brown Flats

id : 12850
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Girl Cheerful Green Tops

id : 13982
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Speeder Wn's Black Sports Shoes

id : 15249
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Samba Black Casual Shoes

id : 14995
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Grey Sweaters

id : 10509
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women RN HS White Tshirts

id : 15847
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex SD Fly Clog Blue Sandals

id : 18764
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Ariella Purple Shirt

id : 11883
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 18300
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Zubeda Blue Kurta

id : 17946
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men South Africa  Navy Blue Track Pant

id : 12408
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 16894
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Police Men Casual Blue Sunglasses

id : 16834
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Yellow T-shirt

id : 19040
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Beige Heels

id : 13748
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Red Shirts

id : 19272
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Boulevard Silver Watch

id : 11823
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Green Casual Shoes

id : 14935
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Check Navy Blue Shorts

id : 14109
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Green Sweatshirts

id : 11649
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Kurta Green Kurtas

id : 13922
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Free Xilla TR Grey Sports Shoes

id : 17778
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Classic Black Belt

id : 18730
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Georgina 1 Brown Sweater

id : 15813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN White Briefs

id : 1936
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Arpenaz 30L Brown Bag

id : 16498
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Solid Maroon TShirt

id : 12804
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Green Polo Tshirts

id : 12038
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid White Shirts

id : 15679
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Khaki Trousers

id : 18166
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Magenta
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Party Frock Purple Dress

id : 17912
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Casual Cream Jacket

id : 18354
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Performance Ankel  White Socks

id : 19286
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Mini Triangle Black Watch with Swarovski Elements W65006L2

id : 10139
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Cool Chic Night Steel Watch

id : 14599
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Stockings

id : 17581
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Pack of 3 Crew Socks

id : 13121
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Formal Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11676
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 14304
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Solid White Shirts

id : 10596
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Houston Funky Green Green Watch

id : 11444
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Green T-shirt

id : 14136
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Stripes Black Tops

id : 16661
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Blanc Black Sweater

id : 13313
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Red Shirts

id : 11020
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Pink Freedom Spirit T-shirt

id : 15480
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ess Sweat Pants Open Bottom Brown Track Pants

id : 14552
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men TNT 5 Grey Casual Shoes

id : 16205
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Hazard White TShirt

id : 18991
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Grinball Black Tshirt

id : 16037
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Green Shirt

id : 13545
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Sandals

id : 12497
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Short White Tshirts

id : 11212
gender : Men
masterCategory : Free Items
subCategory : Free Gifts
articleType : Free Gifts
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ESPRIT Men Corso Silver Watch

id : 14760
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 10106
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Essentials Steel Watches

id : 1551
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Footballs
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Power Cat Trainer-OB Football

id : 15474
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Polo Striped Green Tshirts

id : 17323
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Men Casual Sunglasses

id : 13783
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Khaki Trousers

id : 12651
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 18965
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Pink Sweatshirt

id : 17111
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Crystal Black Clutch

id : 12463
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Stoles
articleType : Stoles
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Checked Stoles

id : 1763
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Women Cathy Pink T-shirt

id : 10334
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men diorite Black Belts

id : 15646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Running Grey Jerseys

id : 14794
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Maroon Handbags

id : 17575
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Pink & Black Striped Shirt

id : 12007
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Purple Striped Shirt

id : 10750
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Remix Crew Blue Tshirts

id : 11682
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 15222
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Superstar 11 White Casual Shoes

id : 1909
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Classic Sportswear T-shirt

id : 15010
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Maroon Tshirts

id : 17747
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Track Cat Black Casual Shoe

id : 12235
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Maroon Formal Shirt

id : 18353
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Ankel Black Socks

id : 12669
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 19281
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Candy Pop Gold Watch With Interchangeable Straps

id : 1569
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Artengo Men Black Tennis Shorts

id : 17129
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black  Handbag

id : 17915
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Purple Polo Tshirt

id : 18161
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Thresher Green Slipper

id : 10768
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Pink Flip Flops

id : 12803
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Polka Dot Grafitti Pink T-shirt

id : 18737
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Yuli Purple Top

id : 11488
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Acceleration White Watch

id : 15814
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Stringz Black Briefs

id : 1931
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Jamaica Jam Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 15028
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Printed Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 13925
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solarsoft Slide Red Slippers

id : 14932
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Status Quo Men Check Black Shorts

id : 19275
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Steel-Toned Dial Watch W13582L2

id : 11018
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Check Red Shirt

id : 11824
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 14758
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2015.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 18195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 19047
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Multi Flats

id : 16833
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Little Miss Women Printed Blue Tshirt

id : 10565
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heritage Black Polo Tshirts

id : 15017
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Green Sweatshirts

id : 17740
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Bolt Fass Yellow Sports Shoes

id : 18708
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Pack of Three 100% Cotton Plain Hipsters

id : 17572
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red & White Striped Shirt

id : 12000
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 10757
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Princess Heart Pink Flip Flops

id : 11685
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 15225
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Men Superstar 11 White Casual Shoes

id : 17116
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Maroon Clutch

id : 18962
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Pink Sweatshirt

id : 12464
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Stoles
articleType : Stoles
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Cream-Coloured Checked Stoles

id : 10333
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men chert Brown Belts

id : 1764
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Women Mid Cathy Track Pants

id : 15641
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men AS Challenger UV Zigzag White Polo Tshirts

id : 1556
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Forclaz Large  Backpack - 50 ltr Orange

id : 10101
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Island Explorer Black Sports Shoes

id : 15473
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Move Wow Green Tshirts

id : 17324
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 13784
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Black Woven Trousers

id : 12656
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 18996
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Red Cap

id : 16030
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 13542
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Brown Sandals

id : 12490
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Genesis Purple Casual Shirt

id : 19078
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Floral Print Off White Kurta

id : 11215
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Rosegold Legacy Copper Watches

id : 1790
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Unisex Ultralight Beige Bag

id : 14767
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 11027
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Poloroid Purple T-Shirts

id : 15487
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Grey Boots

id : 14555
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Old Skool Black Casual Shoes

id : 16202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Logo Hooded Black SweatShirt

id : 13770
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 11443
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Pink Tops

id : 14131
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13314
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Check Red Shirts

id : 17586
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Unisex Funky Eyewear White Sunglasses

id : 13126
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Brown Formal Shoes

id : 11671
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Red Shirts

id : 14303
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 12835
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids Flower Orange Dresses

id : 18533
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Chutki Kids-Girls Light Pink Watch

id : 12009
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Red Striped Shirt

id : 15822
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Bicep Tee Black Innerwear Vests

id : 1907
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Mens Classic Black T-shirt

id : 17749
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Hispana Sandal

id : 18701
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Blue Ultimate Duo Dry Cotton Stretch Hip Briefs

id : 10108
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Denim Analogue Steel Watches

id : 19085
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Pink Kurta

id : 17923
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Sptcas Black Sweatshirt

id : 15648
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Runng Blue T-shirt

id : 19243
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Padded Vest Red Jacket

id : 18391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Undercolors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 White V-Briefs

id : 13779
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Solid Cream Trousers

id : 16039
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Check Green Shirt

id : 19071
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Sea Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Solid Sea Green Kurta

id : 16805
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Skirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ANT Kids Girls Printed Black Skirt

id : 1799
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Domyos Men Blue & White Tracksuit

id : 13913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Dictate MSL White Sports Shoes

id : 11678
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Yellow Shirts

id : 14904
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Wallets

id : 10598
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women HS Blue Denim Shirt

id : 14138
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Cufflinks
articleType : Cufflinks
baseColour : Steel
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Bright Assorted Steel Cufflinks

id : 10305
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Rocco Fuse Brown Casual Shoes

id : 1752
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Red Epic T-shirt

id : 15677
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Beige Trousers

id : 17120
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black Handbag

id : 18954
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Fader Stripes Flat Knit Crew Pack of 3 Socks

id : 12452
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Shoe Accessories
articleType : Shoe Accessories
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Orange Shoe Accessories

id : 18168
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Kids Girls Party Frock Pink Dress

id : 13580
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Pack of 2 Half Contrast Piping Ringer T-shirts

id : 17312
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 19288
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Party Girl Red Watch

id : 12660
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes Pink Shirts

id : 10137
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Lissomy Brown Steel Watches

id : 14597
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Stockings

id : 12204
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Striped T-shirt

id : 11481
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Green Tops

id : 15021
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 1938
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Jamaica Jam Blues T-shirt

id : 10761
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Red Flip Flops

id : 17544
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Blue & White Striped Shirt

id : 16496
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Red TShirt

id : 12036
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Solid White Shirts

id : 17782
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Yellow Tie

id : 16650
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Polo Tee Navy Blue Tshirt

id : 13322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Stripes Green Shirts

id : 11475
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Light Winter Orange Shirts

id : 14107
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid Purple Tops

id : 11647
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Turbo Black Watch

id : 10795
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Warnick Square Block Navy Blue Shirts

id : 14335
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Prowl Black Casual Shoes

id : 16462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Brown Shirt

id : 13110
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Rsp Ds 7in Navy Blue Shorts

id : 11223
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Silver Glam Rock Houston Steel Watches

id : 14751
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Blue Striped Shirt

id : 15683
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Khaki
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Khaki Trousers

id : 16006
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Stripes Men Green TShirt

id : 13574
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Rib Chest White Innerwear Vests

id : 16234
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Disect White TShirt

id : 12694
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Atlntc Bl White Sports Shoes

id : 13746
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 1594
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Grey Mesh Lightweight Shoe

id : 11011
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Smocked Yoke Blue Tops

id : 14563
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Rowley SPV Black Casual Shoes

id : 14903
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Wallets

id : 13914
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Elevate Black Sandals

id : 17588
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Speedo Men Funky Eyewear Black Sunglasses

id : 13128
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Cooper Men Brown Sandals

id : 18998
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Scarf

id : 16802
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Stripes Purple Shirt

id : 19076
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Block Print Purple Kurta

id : 14769
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 11029
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Jealous 21 Women Check Purple Tops

id : 15489
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Black Solid Pumps

id : 11815
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Playboy Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 19244
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Printed Green T-shirt

id : 17118
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Classic Black Clutch

id : 19082
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Floral Print Off White Kurti

id : 17924
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Navy Blue Track Pant

id : 1558
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Water Bottle
articleType : Water Bottle
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Quechua Easy-to-Carry Blue Water Bottle

id : 12658
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Stripes White Shirts

id : 15825
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Sportz Red Innerwear Vest

id : 15019
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Black Sweatshirts

id : 18706
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Ultimate White Brief

id : 12832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ant Kids I Ate Blue Tshirts

id : 18534
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Chutki Kids-Girls Pink Watch

id : 10759
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Mini Mouse Pink Flip Flops

id : 16233
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ess Crew Grey Sweatshirt

id : 12693
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Transform White Sports Shoes

id : 13741
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Check Green Shirts

id : 11016
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Floral Print Pink Top

id : 14564
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Unisex Authentic Red Casual Shoes

id : 14756
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 15684
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Highlander Men Classic Chinos Brown Trousers

id : 16001
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Blue Sweaters

id : 19049
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Closed Brown Flats

id : 13573
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Square Vest Neck White Innerwear Vests

id : 11640
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Multi function fluorescent Black Watches

id : 10792
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Authentic Rope Embro Red Shirts

id : 14332
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Limitless White Sports Shoes

id : 16465
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 13117
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Shoes

id : 17785
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Brown Socks

id : 13325
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Brown Shirts

id : 11472
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Blue Winter Printed Top

id : 14100
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 10766
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Disney Unisex Kids Basic Yellow Flip Flops

id : 15214
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Duffel Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Unisex Black Duffle Bag

id : 16491
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Printed Grey TShirt

id : 12031
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men White Striped Shirt

id : 17771
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Classic Brown Belt

id : 18739
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Tigi Purple Top

id : 12203
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Striped T-shirt

id : 11486
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Top Fluctuation Gents Black Black Watches

id : 15026
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Solid Purple Sweatshirts

id : 17315
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Pepe Jeans Women Casual Sunglasses

id : 12667
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 10130
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Women Pure E-Ffect Black Steel Watches

id : 1567
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Artengo Men Training Shorts

id : 15442
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hidekraft Women Leather Yellow Handbags

id : 1755
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Jasper Street Red T-shirt

id : 10302
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 15670
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Loco Denims Blue Jeans

id : 18953
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Fader Stripes Flat Knit Crew Pack of 3 Socks

id : 17127
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Lock Green Handbag

id : 12455
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Casual Brown Belt

id : 13587
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Half Sleeve Crew Pack of 3 Grey Innerwear T-shirts

id : 12715
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Sweet Classic Purple Casual Shoes

id : 17267
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Red Polo Tshirt

id : 15530
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Jersey Polo Blue Tshirts

id : 10042
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Pink Polo Tshirts

id : 15702
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Red Shirts

id : 10270
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Shona Fringe Leather Silver Flats

id : 1627
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Footballs
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta F300 Football

id : 17869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Grey Brief

id : 16187
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17055
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Count Casual Shoe

id : 18821
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Tan Wallet

id : 15366
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Grey Shoes

id : 13091
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Cr_Ess 3sfzhood Grey Sweatshirts

id : 18479
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Super Elevate White Casual Shoes

id : 12143
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women White Kurta

id : 17431
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Sheen Women Silver Analogue Watches (SX004) SHN-5014D-7ADR

id : 12371
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 17603
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Unisex Classic Grey Sunglasses

id : 15154
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 14086
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Checks Grey Sweaters

id : 15968
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Black Shirt

id : 10426
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Polo Black Tshirts

id : 15392
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FILA Men Cage Navy Blue Slippers

id : 11732
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 13065
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 13859
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16517
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13257
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Solid Purple Capris

id : 12385
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Solid Pink Shirts

id : 14072
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Printed White Tshirts

id : 11500
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Black Heels

id : 19309
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Field Trainer Textile Grey Sports Shoes

id : 16341
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Check Blue Shirt

id : 17293
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Unisex Backpack

id : 11958
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 11164
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 14624
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Purple Check Shirt

id : 10284
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Leather White Flats

id : 11356
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Peach Peach T-Shirt

id : 13401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Shirts

id : 16173
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 1872
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1962 World Cup White T-shirt

id : 15957
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Stripes Maroon Ties

id : 14885
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Handbags

id : 18674
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Sterling White Sports shoes

id : 18446
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Natural Men Perfumes

id : 13892
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Team India Special Edition Three Star Blue Jersey

id : 12940
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Green Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 15359
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 12518
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 16984
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Miami Black Slipper

id : 17856
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Navy Blue Brief

id : 18022
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Stripes White Belt

id : 1618
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men United Runner White

id : 11993
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 18210
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Black Cap

id : 17258
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Limoges Polo Tshirt

id : 19104
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Beige Kurta

id : 16970
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Coupe Grey Sandal

id : 11369
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Pink Tops

id : 14429
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Black Heels

id : 11967
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Green Shoes

id : 10089
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Raceon Silver Sports Shoes

id : 19336
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Grey Jacket

id : 1886
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Red Card Grey T-shirt

id : 14871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Passport Holder

id : 13268
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Printed Pink Tops

id : 18680
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey Retro Boxer Trunks

id : 12188
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 14623
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Shirts

id : 10283
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Unstructured Leather Black Sandals

id : 11351
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men BUD PWL Blue Jeans

id : 16948
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 16174
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Sandals

id : 13634
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Pants
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women White Lounge Pants

id : 14411
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Silver
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Silver Heels

id : 11163
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 13250
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Solid Beige Trousers

id : 14075
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 11507
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Brown Flats

id : 14849
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Wallets

id : 11735
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Blue T-shirt

id : 13062
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Date Black Watches

id : 16510
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 12376
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check White Shirts

id : 14081
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Green Sweaters

id : 10421
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 15361
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 10613
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual White Casual Shoes

id : 13096
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men NBA BoldBlue T-shirts

id : 12144
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Black Kurtas

id : 17436
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO ENTICER Men Black Dial Analogue Watch A390

id : 12978
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men F10 Trx Blue Sports Shoes

id : 15705
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Tennis Black Track Pants

id : 1620
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Micro Shorts

id : 10277
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Smart Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Black Leather Semiformal Shoes

id : 12520
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Black Shoes

id : 16180
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 18826
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : nan
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Brown Wallet

id : 17052
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Venice Slipper

id : 12712
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Dual Fusion Silver Sports Shoes

id : 17260
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Ivory Polo Tshirt

id : 10879
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Grey T-shirt

id : 10045
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Heroes Party Graphic Blue Tshirts

id : 13861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 1881
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens France 1938 Grey T-shirt

id : 11538
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 14876
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Stockings
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Stockings

id : 18687
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Pack of Three 100% Cotton Plain Hipsters

id : 11960
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 19331
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Navy Blue Jacket

id : 16379
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Black Trouser

id : 19103
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Beige Kurta

id : 13439
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Green Polo T-shirts

id : 17099
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Navy Blue Wallet

id : 10846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Falcon Print Blue T-Shirts

id : 15508
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Cape Noble Brown Casual Shoes

id : 11994
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes White Tshirts

id : 18217
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Grey Socks

id : 16983
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lynx Red Slipper

id : 17851
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Blue Tshirt

id : 18819
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Black Wallet

id : 10248
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Asjke Coffee Brown Handbags

id : 18441
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Fragrance Gift Set
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Love & Luck Women Mermaid Fragrance Gift Set

id : 13895
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Yellow Shirts

id : 17409
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Basketball Mid Black Sports Shoe

id : 12947
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Striped T-shirt

id : 1875
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens 1990 World Cup Edition T-shirt

id : 15950
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Stripes Black Ties

id : 14882
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Handbags

id : 18673
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Sterling Black Shoes

id : 1888
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Essentials Black T-shirt

id : 14043
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 15191
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Purple Polo Tshirts

id : 11531
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Olive Tshirts

id : 13266
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Printed Maroon Tops

id : 12186
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13054
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Gold Dial White Watches

id : 16526
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Navy Blue Shirt

id : 13868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 11703
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Shirt

id : 13430
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Yellow Tshirts

id : 17090
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip White Wallet

id : 16142
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed White Top

id : 14615
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Grey Socks

id : 11367
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Purple Tops

id : 11155
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Green Check Black Ties

id : 13602
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Half Sleeve Crew Pack of 3 White Innerwear T-shirts

id : 19338
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Jacket

id : 16370
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Grey Trouser

id : 17858
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Maroon Trunks

id : 12516
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 18810
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Olive
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Olive Belt

id : 17064
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Weaved  Navy Blue Belt

id : 15733
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Quarter Black Sports Shoes

id : 11393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men White Polo T-shirt

id : 1616
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men's Shoot White T-Shirt

id : 10241
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Momentum Black Black Watches

id : 15501
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 10073
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women cat line tee Purple Tshirts

id : 12724
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Treklite Black Casual Shoes

id : 17256
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Green Tshirt

id : 15165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Maroon Polo Tshirts

id : 15959
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Check Black Ties

id : 12340
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Mark Taylor Men Green Striped Shirt

id : 13292
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Printed Green Tshirts

id : 17632
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Chill Grip Black Handbag

id : 12172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18448
gender : Women
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Life Love & Luck by Christian Audigier for Women Perfume

id : 17400
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 14285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Belmonte Men Stripe Trouser Brown Trousers

id : 15357
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 19307
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Citius 2+ MSL White Sports Shoes

id : 11956
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 10884
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Grey Glow In Dark T-shirt

id : 11358
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Purple Tops

id : 17893
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Cruiser Black Innerwest Vest

id : 16941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Grey Sunglasses

id : 19135
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Riot Black Sandals

id : 18483
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Soleil Cat Black Casual Shoes

id : 16519
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Black Jeans

id : 12985
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Olive
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Mountainaire Olive Casual Shoes

id : 13857
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 13259
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Washed Black Jeans

id : 14840
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Wallets

id : 15992
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Blue Shirt

id : 15368
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18477
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Yacht Lifevest Red Casual Shoes

id : 12971
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Core 50 Black Sports Shoes

id : 18645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Striped LS Polo Black Tshirts

id : 14088
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Black Polo Tshirts

id : 10428
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Tops

id : 15966
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Solid Men Grey Jacket

id : 18221
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Stripes Black Socks

id : 17269
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes White Polo  Tshirt

id : 10870
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Fly The Wind Blue T-Shirts

id : 18013
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Tan Belt

id : 12529
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crocs Men Black Flip-Flops

id : 16189
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Sandals

id : 12175
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 17407
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Brown Socks

id : 14282
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Tma All Mtn Low Sports Shoe

id : 10622
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Casual Green Slippers

id : 15162
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Maroon Polo Tshirts

id : 10410
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Tshirts

id : 13295
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Girls Printed Pink Tops

id : 17635
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Darsey Purple Scarf

id : 15506
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Rockport Men OC Plaintoe Black Formal Shoes

id : 10848
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue T-shirt

id : 10074
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Puma runhard tee Black Tshirts

id : 18219
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Grey Socks

id : 12723
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Streak White Sports Shoes

id : 17251
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 16383
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Green Polo T-Shirt

id : 12511
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17063
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Floral Design Green Belt

id : 18817
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Black Wallet

id : 15734
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Sweet Classic Leather Black Casual Shoes

id : 10246
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Zoe Brown Handbags

id : 1611
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Knit Rib Women Black Jacket

id : 14420
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Beige Flats

id : 11152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Orange Check Black Ties

id : 10080
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Run Sheer Black Sports Shoes

id : 13605
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Sleeveless Crew White Innerwear T-shirt

id : 13437
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Grey Polo T-shirts

id : 16979
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Tango Black Flip Flops

id : 17097
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip Black Wallet

id : 16145
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Grey Top

id : 14612
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes White Socks

id : 11360
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter White Tops

id : 12181
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13053
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Black Dial Watch 2166SL01

id : 16521
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 11704
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Navy Blue Shirts

id : 14044
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 15196
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 14878
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Handbags

id : 11536
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 18689
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Pack of Three 100% Cotton Plain Bikini Briefs

id : 13261
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Washed Blue Jeans

id : 10279
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Nature Easy Leather Black Casual Shoes

id : 17860
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Green Trunks

id : 18014
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Olive Belt

id : 18828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Brown Wallet

id : 18226
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Grey Tshirt

id : 15539
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Unisex Printed Red Caps

id : 10877
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11199
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Sqaure dial strap Black Watches

id : 12378
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 18642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic White Tshirts

id : 1844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens D day T-shirt

id : 15961
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Burgundy
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Check Burgundy Ties

id : 18470
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reenergize Men Perfumes

id : 13098
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men NBA Bold Green T-shirts

id : 12976
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Athlos White Sports Shoes

id : 17438
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Edifice Men Chronograph Watch EF-558D-7AVDF(ED438)

id : 14847
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Wallets

id : 11509
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Tan Flats

id : 15995
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Red Shirt

id : 18484
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Evo Black Casual Shoes

id : 12982
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Calo 3  Black Flip Flops

id : 13850
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check White Shirts

id : 17894
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Pack of 3 Innerwear Vest

id : 13408
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 19132
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Sign Red Slippers

id : 16946
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Maroon Sunglasses

id : 19300
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Women Jazz Steel Watch

id : 11951
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Blue Shoes

id : 10883
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men American Photo Print Beige T-shirt

id : 10823
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 18272
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women New Piya Green Kurta

id : 12748
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Solid Black Trousers

id : 17008
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Black Flats

id : 18040
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Olive
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Olive Handbag

id : 17834
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Air Max Run Lite+ Grey Sports Shoe

id : 19192
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Grey Shirt

id : 12922
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Blue Shoes

id : 10649
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boys Grand Prix White Shirt

id : 15935
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Black Belts

id : 1810
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Tribord Profilter Red Men T-shirt

id : 15109
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Men Autoflex Black Trousers

id : 18616
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team Essential  lollipop-Red Tshirts

id : 13804
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Mufflers
articleType : Mufflers
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Grey Checked Muffler

id : 17498
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Maroon Polo T-Shirt

id : 14813
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Red Handbags

id : 16778
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Grey Dial Chronograph Watch ADH2569

id : 11139
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Purple Scarves

id : 15599
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Black Sweatshirts

id : 11905
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 18286
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Bhumi Multi Kurta

id : 19354
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men White Shoes

id : 18888
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Sylvia Purple Shirt

id : 16912
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Printed Green Tshirt

id : 19166
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Grey TShirt

id : 14679
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 17661
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Buckel Brown Heels

id : 12313
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Stripes Purple Shirts

id : 18629
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women Graphic  White Tshirt

id : 10444
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Aqua Green Shirts

id : 11596
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Navy Blue Kurtas

id : 10676
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Bubbles Red Tops

id : 15304
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Court Switch White Sports Shoes

id : 17453
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Men Black Multi-Dial Analogue Watch MTP-1191A-1ADF(A170)

id : 12121
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 1645
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta Men Loose Fit Round Neck Jersey Black

id : 15760
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Orange
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Square Neck Orange Innerwear Vest

id : 18843
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Print Red Tshirt

id : 17037
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : GAS Men Grey & Brown Caddy Sneakers

id : 13497
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Rajni Blue Tshirts

id : 12545
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women White Printed T-shirt

id : 17205
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Black Sunglass

id : 12777
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Collt Organic Cotton Yellow Kurtas

id : 10020
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Black & White Reversible Shorts

id : 15552
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Women Pack Of 3 White Socks

id : 14480
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Casual Shoes

id : 11334
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Navy Blue Jeans

id : 15794
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Grey String Bikini Briefs

id : 14646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Funky Music Maroon Tshirts

id : 16111
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Brown Slipper

id : 13463
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 19159
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 16323
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Green TShirt

id : 13651
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Black Tip Off 2 Sports Shoe

id : 12783
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Aug Bagru Red Kurtas

id : 11106
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 16747
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Small Beads Blue Clutch

id : 17695
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Authentic Maroon Casual Shoes

id : 13235
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 11562
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 14010
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Green Tshirts

id : 10682
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Tan
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Tan T-shirt

id : 11750
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid Black Tshirts

id : 16129
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 19161
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Tshirt

id : 12589
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Brown Tshirts

id : 16915
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Black Sweater

id : 1689
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Blue Polo T-shirt

id : 11902
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 18281
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Sufi Cream Kurta

id : 13669
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Black Solid Trouser

id : 19353
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Brown Shoes

id : 14814
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Brown Handbags

id : 10488
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Blue Jeans

id : 14028
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Tracksuits
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Tracksuits

id : 13803
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Blue Patterned Sleeveless Sweater

id : 11768
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 17659
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Ballerina Brown Casual Shoe

id : 18611
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team SS  Spectra Yellow Tshirts

id : 12925
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Blue Shoes

id : 12119
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Purple Kurtas

id : 17833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Black Air Endurance Sports Shoes

id : 18047
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Sequin Gold Wallet

id : 19195
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Red Shirt

id : 15758
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fitness Black Innerwear Vest

id : 10018
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Black Three Quarter Track Pants

id : 10824
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men White Polo Tshirts

id : 18275
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Preet Blue Kurta

id : 10685
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Little Princess White Tops

id : 11757
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid Purple Tops

id : 13000
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Heels

id : 16740
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Gold Embroidery Purple Clutch

id : 17692
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Red
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Rowley Style 99 S Red Casual Shoes

id : 13232
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 11565
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 14017
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Grey Jerseys

id : 16324
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Navy Blue TShirt

id : 13656
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Black CC Oscillate M Sports Shoe

id : 12784
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Kalamkari Red Kurtas

id : 11101
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Purple Shirts

id : 15793
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Navy Blue Comfort Briefs

id : 14641
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Wide Check Blue Shirts

id : 16116
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Green Slipper

id : 13464
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Shirts

id : 17202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes White Polo Tshirt

id : 19398
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Jersey

id : 12770
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Checks Green Shirts

id : 10027
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women's White Tshirt

id : 15555
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Grey Sweaters

id : 14487
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 10215
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hths Purple Handbags

id : 1642
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Winning Stride White Red

id : 15767
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Grey Innerwear Vest

id : 17030
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Brown Wave Flip Flops

id : 18844
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Print White Tshirt

id : 13490
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue Shorts

id : 12542
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Blue Printed T-shirt

id : 10671
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Army  Green Shorts

id : 15303
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sports Sandals
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Hispana Beige Sandals

id : 17454
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Sheen Women Silver Analogue Watches (SH162) SHN-5012D-1ADR

id : 12126
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Maroon Kurtas

id : 17666
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Multi
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Classic Multi Heels

id : 10443
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11591
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 1828
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men's Air Afterburner Shoe

id : 16749
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Glass Stylinc Multi Clutch

id : 14822
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Belts

id : 13835
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Jackets

id : 14648
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men White Grafitti Black Tshirts

id : 19157
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 16923
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Black Shirt

id : 19365
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Calcullas Tan Casual Shoes

id : 11108
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 11934
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 17039
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Skate 001 Casual Shoe

id : 17805
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Boy Dholakpur Meri Jaan Blue Tshirt

id : 13499
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Mard ban Blue Tshirts

id : 12779
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Aug Bagru Maroon & Black Kurta

id : 19391
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed Blue Tshirt

id : 18243
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 10812
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Wales Slim Hb Brown Shirts

id : 18627
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Striped Full Zip Red Sweaters

id : 11598
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 15904
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Maroon
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Maroon Comfort Briefs

id : 10678
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Super stylish White Tops

id : 12913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Mandarin Collar White Shirts

id : 18415
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Men USA Brown Shoe

id : 16312
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Shirt

id : 18288
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Vanhi Green Kurta

id : 16120
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual White Slipper

id : 18886
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Simona Purple Shirt

id : 12580
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Blue Printed T-shirt

id : 19168
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Grey Printed T-shirt

id : 13452
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Check Green Shirts

id : 11305
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Custom Jeans

id : 14677
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Navy Slim Fit Shirt

id : 17496
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Mustard
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Mustard Polo T-Shirt

id : 16544
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13036
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Beige Wedges

id : 11761
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid Green Tshirts

id : 11553
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Red Kurtas

id : 10481
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Blue Shirts

id : 14021
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Shorts

id : 16776
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex White Dial Watch ADH2539

id : 13204
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel Pulse III Running Black Sports Shoes

id : 17462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO G-Shock Men Black Analogue & Digital Watch GA-100-1A1DR G270

id : 12110
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtis

id : 10647
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Little Princess Pink Tops

id : 15335
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Navy Blue Shorts

id : 10475
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men FS Solid Brown Shirts

id : 15107
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Beige Tops

id : 17650
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Casual Black Slipper

id : 16782
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Dial Chronograph Watch ADH2562

id : 18618
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team Essential Moonlight Steelblue Polo Tshirts

id : 12322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Striped Purple Shirt

id : 10011
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey Melange
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Grey Melange Track Pants

id : 15563
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Yellow
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Yellow Flats

id : 17234
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men  Golden Haze Polo  Tshirt

id : 12746
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Solid Navy Blue Scarves

id : 18872
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 10223
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Zoe Green Handbags

id : 14683
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Stripes Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 15751
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Square Neck Yellow Innerwear Vest

id : 12914
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Bold Stripes Grey Shirts

id : 18412
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers MenShape-Ups White Shoe

id : 12128
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Black Kurtas

id : 17668
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Closed Brown Casual Shoe

id : 18620
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team Essential Maroon Polo Tshirts

id : 15903
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Stud Sandal White Casual Shoes

id : 19396
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 18244
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Yellow T-Shirt

id : 10029
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Script Mas Navy Blue Sweatshirts

id : 10815
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Rain Light Denim Blue Shirts

id : 14489
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Blue Casual Shoes

id : 15769
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fusion Brie Navy Blue Briefs

id : 17802
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Girl On The Move Pink Tshirt

id : 19362
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Comfort Brown Sandals

id : 11933
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Sports Grey Sports Shoes

id : 16118
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Blue Slipper

id : 16924
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check Brown Shirts

id : 19150
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 11759
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid Grey Tops

id : 13832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Genesis Black Casual Shirt

id : 14019
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Stripes White Tshirts

id : 18875
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Brown Shoes

id : 17001
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Purple
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Purple Heels

id : 18049
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Pink
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Sequin Pink Wallet

id : 1673
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Mens Lagoon Black T-shirt

id : 10224
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Asjke Brown Brown Handbags

id : 14684
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 15756
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Regular White Innerwear Vest

id : 10016
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Dress
articleType : Dresses
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Girl's Cr Blossom Drs Pink Dresses

id : 15564
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 17233
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Navy Blue  Polo Tshirt

id : 12741
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Solid Black Backpacks

id : 10472
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men HS Purple Tshirts

id : 15100
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Beige Kurtas

id : 17657
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Pumps Black Heels

id : 16785
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Green Dial Watch ADH2545

id : 12117
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Blue Kurtas

id : 10640
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Nike Elite Black Casual Shoes

id : 15332
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Off White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Off-White Track Pants

id : 11554
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtis

id : 10486
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Black Polo Tshirts

id : 14026
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Grey Tshirts

id : 16771
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Dial Watch ADH2580

id : 13203
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel Cumulus Running Grey Sports Shoes

id : 17491
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Cheese Flops Red Slipper

id : 16543
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 13031
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Brown Heels

id : 11766
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed White Tshirts

id : 16127
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Grape Pink Polo Tshirts

id : 18881
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Lana White Shirt

id : 12587
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Brown Tshirts

id : 13455
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women White Polo T-shirts

id : 11302
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Michelle Jeans

id : 11130
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Women Solid Purple Tops

id : 15590
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : AND by Anita Dongre Women Yellow Top

id : 16315
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Orange TShirt

id : 17096
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Blue Zip Green Wallet

id : 13436
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 16978
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Tango Black Flip Flops

id : 11361
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Winter Pink Top

id : 14613
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Black Socks

id : 11153
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Blue Ties

id : 10081
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Zigdynamic White Sports Shoes

id : 14421
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Brown Heels

id : 16376
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Black Trouser

id : 14879
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 11537
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Blue Kurtas

id : 14045
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Red Shirts

id : 15197
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 13260
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girl Washed Black Jeans

id : 18688
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Women Pack of Three 100% Cotton Plain Hipsters

id : 16520
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Grey Jeans

id : 12180
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13052
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Black Dial Watch 1478SM01

id : 11705
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 10411
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Purple T-shirt

id : 15163
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Cream Polo Tshirts

id : 17634
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Crystal Cat Grey Scarf

id : 12346
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reebok Women Grey Solid V-Neck T-shirt

id : 13294
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Women Printed Pink Tops

id : 12948
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 17406
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Brown Socks

id : 12174
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Checked Shirt

id : 10623
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Gold
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Glitterati Gold Slippers

id : 14283
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Women Chauncy ox  Casual Shoe

id : 15351
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Capris
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Grey Capris

id : 18816
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Unisex Statements Black Passport Holder

id : 17062
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Red
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Design Red Belt

id : 12510
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 11395
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Red Tshirts

id : 1610
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Navy Jacket

id : 10247
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Zoe Brown Handbags

id : 15735
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Lunarfly+2 Shield Grey Sports Shoes

id : 10075
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men ducati heritage logo tee Red Tshirts

id : 15507
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Cape Noble Black Casual Shoes

id : 10849
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Famous Filafil Maroon T-Shirts

id : 17250
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Red Printed T-shirt

id : 16382
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Solid Grey Trouser

id : 18218
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Black Socks

id : 12722
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Unisex Casual Brown Sandals

id : 12983
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Mens Calo 3 Black Flip Flops

id : 13851
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 18485
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Contest HI Navy Blue Sports Shoes

id : 14846
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Coffee Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Coffee Brown Wallets

id : 15994
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Blue Shirt

id : 11508
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Black Heels

id : 19301
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Guess Men Chronograph Black Dial Watch W95015G1

id : 11950
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Brown Shoes

id : 10882
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Blue American Photo Print T-shirt

id : 17895
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Pack of 3 Innerwear Vest

id : 16947
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 19133
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Hermes Grey Sandals

id : 18227
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 11198
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Dial steel strap numbers Black Watches

id : 10876
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Motor City Grey T-Shirts

id : 10278
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Nature Easy Mahogany Leather Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18829
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Formal Tan Belt

id : 18015
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Brown Belt

id : 17861
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Navy Blue Trunks

id : 12977
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Marathon Black Sports Shoes

id : 17439
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Women White Dial Watch SH174 SHN-3019D-7ADR

id : 13099
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Stadium Fz Po Blue Sweaters

id : 18471
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reebok Reeload Men Perfumes

id : 18643
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Foundation Polo Navy Blue Tshirts

id : 15960
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Solid Navy Blue Ties

id : 1845
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Mens Surfer T-shirt

id : 10072
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Women poster tee White Tshirts

id : 17257
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Printed Black Tshirt

id : 16385
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Red Shirt

id : 12725
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Anzo Breeze Brown Casual Shoes

id : 17065
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Print White Belt

id : 18811
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Casual Blue Belt

id : 17859
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Black Trunks

id : 12517
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 10240
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Copper
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Esprit Men Gran Orbit Rosegold Copper Watches

id : 1617
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Shoot T-Shirt Red

id : 15732
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Liteforce Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 17401
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Stripes Blue Socks

id : 12173
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Black Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 18449
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Love & Luck Men Perfumes

id : 10624
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Copper
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women Glitterati Copper Platforms

id : 14284
gender : Boys
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Kids-Boys Asphlttrl Ek Chk Dk Casual Shoe

id : 15356
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 15958
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Solid Purple Ties

id : 17633
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Apex Blue Backpack

id : 13293
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Kids Boys Solid White Shorts

id : 16527
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Purple Shirt

id : 13869
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Stripes Blue Shirts

id : 12187
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men White Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 13055
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Steel
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Women Steel Body Steel Watches

id : 11702
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 11530
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Light Winter Green Sweatshirts

id : 14042
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 1889
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fifa Men Essentials Navy Blue T-shirt

id : 15190
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Solid Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 13267
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Printed Pink Tops

id : 11154
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Strip Blue Ties

id : 11968
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Sports Black Sports Shoes

id : 14426
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 19339
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Jacket

id : 17091
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Button Flap White Wallet

id : 16143
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tokyo Talkies Women Printed Pink T-shirt

id : 11366
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women  Light Purple Printed Top

id : 14614
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Pack of 2 Navy Blue Socks

id : 18644
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Women Geranium Red Core Sweatpants

id : 10429
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Top

id : 15967
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Red Shirt

id : 1842
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men's Calibre Rubber Shoe

id : 14089
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Solid Black Sweaters

id : 15369
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 12970
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Response Team White Sports Shoes

id : 18476
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Yacht Lifevest Yellow Casual Shoes

id : 1628
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Basketballs
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta Xtra Bounce Basketball

id : 16188
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 17866
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Navy Blue Brief

id : 18012
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Beige Belt

id : 17268
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Classic Blue Polo Tshirt

id : 18220
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Red Socks

id : 10871
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Dirtcross Grey T-Shirts

id : 11359
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Grey T-Shirts

id : 19134
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lotto Men Zeus Blue Sandals

id : 16940
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Women Classic Eyewear Green Sunglasses

id : 19306
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dart VII Leather Black Sports Shoe

id : 11957
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Tan Casual Shoes

id : 14419
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Gold Flats

id : 10885
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Teal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Glow in Dark Teal T-shirt

id : 13258
gender : Girls
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gini and Jony Girls Purple Shorts

id : 14841
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Black Wallets

id : 15993
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Blue Checked ReversibleShirt

id : 12984
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Agony Black Shoes

id : 16518
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13856
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 18482
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Future Cat White Casual Shoes

id : 10612
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Maroon Shirts

id : 17437
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Sheen Women Black Dial Chronograph Watch SX006 SHN-5016D-1ADR

id : 12979
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Core 50 White Sports Shoes

id : 13097
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Knit Purple Sweaters

id : 12145
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Blue Kurti

id : 17605
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Men Classic Black Sunglasses

id : 15152
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Check Black Shirts

id : 14080
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Stripes Purple Sweaters

id : 17261
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Limoges Polo Tshirt

id : 12713
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Air Dictate Black Sports Shoes

id : 18229
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Red Tshirt

id : 10044
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Ferrari Logo Black Tshirts

id : 11196
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Orange
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Strap dial Orange Watches

id : 10878
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Red Polo Tshirts

id : 10276
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 1621
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Micro Shorts Black and White

id : 16181
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 17053
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Newport Slipper

id : 18827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Black Wallet

id : 12521
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 13635
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Red Premium Sleeveless Crew T-shirt

id : 11162
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Black Shirts

id : 14410
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Blue Flats

id : 10282
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Spice Pat Black Flats

id : 11350
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Msyria Blue Chicago Fit Jeans

id : 14622
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Stripes Black Sweat Shirts

id : 16175
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Brown Formal Shoes

id : 16949
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Image Men Classic Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 13407
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Green Shirts

id : 11734
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes White T-shirt

id : 15394
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Summer Fun White Flip Flops

id : 16511
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13063
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fastrack Men Smooth Finish Strap Black Watches

id : 13251
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boy Solid Beige Trousers

id : 12383
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men Check White Shirts

id : 11506
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Lifestyle Grey Flats

id : 14848
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Beige
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Beige Wallets

id : 14074
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Solid White Polo Tshirts

id : 18818
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Black Wallet

id : 16982
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Lynx Black Slipper

id : 17850
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Sequins Grey Top

id : 18024
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Black Belt

id : 10249
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hahk Brown Handbags

id : 11995
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Black Tshirts

id : 15509
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Men Cape Noble Brown Casual Shoes

id : 18216
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Solid Red Socks

id : 15951
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Stripes Purple Ties

id : 14883
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Purple Handbags

id : 18672
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Survivor Grey Sports Shoes

id : 12348
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Green
season : Spring
year : 2008.0
usage : Travel
productDisplayName : test dispName

id : 17408
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Reid & Taylor Men NA Black Socks

id : 13894
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 12946
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Striped T-shirt

id : 18440
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Laptop Bag
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vital Gear Unisex Black Bag

id : 11539
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 14877
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 15199
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Lavender
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Sport Men Stripes Lavender  Polo Tshirts

id : 1880
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens World Cup Champions Black T-shirt

id : 18686
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Grey Premium Bikini Briefs

id : 13860
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Purple Shirts

id : 17098
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Flower Black Wallet

id : 19102
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Solid Pink Kurta

id : 16976
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Lo Funpack Shoes

id : 13438
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Blue Polo T-shirts

id : 11961
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Tan
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Tan Casual Shoes

id : 16378
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Trousers
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Navy Blue Trouser

id : 19330
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Jacket

id : 16724
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men AbeII Black Sweater

id : 13256
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Check White Shorts

id : 14073
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Women Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 11733
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Stripes Green T-shirt

id : 15393
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Fila Men Hawai Navy Blue Flip Flops

id : 13858
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16516
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13064
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Black Casual Shoes

id : 10285
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Clarks Men Goya Rates Leather Black Formal Shoes

id : 11357
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Sweatshirts

id : 14625
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 16172
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Men Leather Black Casual Shoes

id : 13400
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Check Blue Shirts

id : 16340
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Stripes Maroon Shirt

id : 19308
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Swift FG Grey Sports Shoe

id : 13632
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Loungewear and Nightwear
articleType : Lounge Shorts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Red Knitted Athletic 3/4th Pants

id : 11165
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : John Miller Men Solid Purple Shirts

id : 14417
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual Black Flats

id : 11959
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 1626
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Sporting Goods
subCategory : Sports Equipment
articleType : Footballs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta F300 Football Size 5 Football

id : 10271
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Clarks Women Sona Silk Leather Red Heels

id : 15703
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Check White Shirts

id : 18820
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Statements Black Wallet

id : 17054
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Newport Slipper

id : 12526
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crocs Women Casual Grey Casual Shoes

id : 17868
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Navy Blue Brief

id : 17266
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Green  polo Tshirt

id : 12714
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Air Cardio Silver Sports Shoes

id : 10043
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men ferrari Black Polo Tshirts

id : 11191
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Silver
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carrera Men Dial steel finish patch Silver Watches

id : 15531
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Pack Of 3 Navy Blue Socks

id : 17602
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Cat Unisex Classic Brown Sunglasses

id : 15969
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Check Men Black Shirt

id : 10427
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Checks Red Shirts

id : 14087
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 10615
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Carlton London Women balle Grey Casual Shoes

id : 15367
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Sandals

id : 17430
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Men Black Dial Watch ED339

id : 18478
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Yacht Lifevest Navy Casual Shoes

id : 13090
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men NBA Bold Yellow T-shirts

id : 12142
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Purple Kurtas

id : 10088
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Racehound Silver Sports Shoes

id : 11966
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Yellow
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Newfeel Unisex Sports Yellow Sports Shoes

id : 19337
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Black Jacket

id : 16971
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Navy Blue & Orange Comfort Sandals

id : 19105
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Red Kurta

id : 11368
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Women Light Winter Black Jackets

id : 13867
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Scullers Men Check Red Shirts

id : 16529
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Locomotive Men Check Yellow Shirt

id : 12189
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Brown Slim Fit Shirt

id : 14870
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Green Passport Holder

id : 1887
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2010.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : FIFA Mens Essentials Green T-shirt

id : 18681
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Hanes Men Black Retro Boxer Trunks

id : 13269
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Girls Printed White Tops

id : 12941
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Striped Shirt

id : 18447
gender : Men
masterCategory : Personal Care
subCategory : Fragrance
articleType : Perfume and Body Mist
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ed Hardy Love & Luck Men Perfumes

id : 15358
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Casual Brown Casual Shoes

id : 15956
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Ties
articleType : Ties
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Check Black Ties

id : 10418
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Tops

id : 14884
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Grey Handbags

id : 18675
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Men Survivor White Sports Shoes

id : 10840
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Green Polo T-shirt

id : 11992
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 17259
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid Black  Polo Tshirt

id : 18211
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Headwear
articleType : Caps
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed Red Cap

id : 16985
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Unisex Miami Purple Slipper

id : 12519
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Red Tape Men Beige Shoes

id : 18023
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Cream
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Printed Cream Belt

id : 17857
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Trunk
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Levis Men Boxer Grey Trunks

id : 1619
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Reebok Men Micro Shorts Grey and White

id : 19151
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men White T-shirt

id : 16925
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Stripes Navy Blue Sweaters

id : 16119
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Purple Slipper

id : 19363
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Comfort Black Sandal

id : 13659
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Red Stripe Shirt

id : 11932
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Tone Black Sandals

id : 14018
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Stripes Grey Polo Tshirts

id : 11758
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid White Tops

id : 13833
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Printed Black Sweatshirts

id : 18621
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team Essential Polo Black Tshirts

id : 17669
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Closed Blue Casual Shoe

id : 1827
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men's Downshifter White/Blue Shoe

id : 15902
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Warner Bros Kids Unisex TJ Cheese Flops Purple Slippers

id : 18413
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Men Shape-Ups Black Shoe

id : 12129
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 12915
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Back Print Grey T-Shirts

id : 15768
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Trophy BKN Navy Blue Briefs

id : 17803
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chhota Bheem Kids Girl  I Love to Play Pink Tshirt

id : 19397
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Blue T-Shirt

id : 18245
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 14488
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Black Casual Shoes

id : 10814
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Easter Bright Amslar Purple Shirt

id : 10028
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Club Jerse White T-Shirts

id : 17490
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rockport Women Casual Black Flats

id : 16542
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11767
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 14027
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Yellow Tshirts

id : 11555
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Pink Kurtas

id : 10487
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Midrise Blue Jeans

id : 13202
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Men Gel DS 16 Running White Sports Shoes

id : 11131
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Beat Black Watches

id : 13666
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Blue Solid Shirt

id : 16314
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Purple TShirt

id : 12586
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Pink Tshirts

id : 13454
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Pink Polo T-shirts

id : 16126
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Pink TShirt

id : 18880
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Kenzie Purple Shirt

id : 14671
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Blue Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11303
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Sophia Jeans

id : 15565
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Gold
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Casual Gold Heels

id : 10017
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Jackets
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As The Windru Blue Jackets

id : 12740
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Backpacks
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Unisex Solid Black Backpacks

id : 17232
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Steel Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 12572
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Men Navy Blue Printed T-shirt

id : 18048
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Sequin Grey Wallet

id : 17000
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women White Heels

id : 18874
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Shoes

id : 14685
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Yellow Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 15757
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Blue Innerwear Vest

id : 10225
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hahk Beige Handbags

id : 12116
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Orange Kurtas

id : 17464
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : Pink
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women Zena BR 01 Pink Bra

id : 15333
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Shorts

id : 11793
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Pink Pigment Printed Kurta

id : 10641
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy D Print Red T-shirt

id : 15101
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Printed Black Kurtas

id : 10473
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men FS Solid Grey Shirts

id : 12324
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Winter
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Navy Formal Shirt

id : 17656
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Pumps Beige Peep Toes

id : 16784
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Dial Chronograph Watch ADH2584

id : 19390
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 12778
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Collt Organic Cotton Black Kurtas

id : 18242
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Manchester United Men Printed White Tshirt

id : 10813
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Dirt Rider Check Black Shirts

id : 13498
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Bai Cycle Blue Tshirts

id : 17038
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Draw Casual Shoe

id : 18414
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Skechers Women Shape-Ups Grey Shoe

id : 12912
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Grey Grafitti White Shirts

id : 18626
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men MC II Grey Tshirts

id : 11599
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Green Kurtas

id : 16748
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Beaded Fan Flap Black Clutch

id : 14823
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid Brown Belts

id : 19364
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2018.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Redtape Men Calcullas Black Casual Shoes

id : 11935
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Ganuchi Men Casual Black Slipper

id : 11109
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Black Shirts

id : 14649
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Face Print Green Tshirts

id : 19156
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed White TShirt

id : 15106
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Stripes Green Kurtis

id : 10474
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Ydc Black Shirts

id : 18619
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team Essential Polo White Tshirts

id : 17651
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Blue
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Converse Unisex Blue Flip Flops

id : 16783
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex White Dial Watch ADH2545

id : 12111
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Cream
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtis

id : 17463
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Bra
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women Zena BR 01 Black Bra

id : 15334
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid Black Shorts

id : 11794
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Vishudh Women Brown Printed Kurta

id : 10646
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Athlethic Red Tshirts

id : 18873
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Brown Shoes

id : 17007
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women White Flats

id : 14682
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Turquoise Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Turquoise Blue Striped Polo T-shirt

id : 15750
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Fitness Ves Navy Blue Innerwear Vests

id : 10222
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Grey
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Zoe Grey Handbags

id : 15562
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spykar Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 10010
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Showdown F Black T-Shirts

id : 12747
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Scarves
articleType : Scarves
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Timberland Men Solid Black Scarves

id : 17235
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Solid White  Polo Tshirt

id : 19169
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Printed Blue TShirt

id : 12581
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Blue T-shirt

id : 13453
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tunics
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Printed Blue Tunics

id : 16121
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Black Belt

id : 18887
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Simona Navy Blue Shirt

id : 14676
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Brown Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 11304
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Women Blue Custom Jeans

id : 14444
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Grey
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Enroute Women Casual DK.Grey Wedges

id : 11136
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Top Flow Red-213 Black Watch

id : 18289
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtis
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Habiba Blue Kurti

id : 13661
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Thick Black Stripe Shirt

id : 14020
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Stripes Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 11552
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed White Kurtas

id : 10480
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men SS Yellow Shirts

id : 13205
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Grey
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ASICS Women Gel 1160 Running Grey Sports Shoes

id : 16777
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex White Digital Watch ADH4058

id : 13037
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual Black Flats

id : 17497
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Grey Polo T-Shirt

id : 16545
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Grey Slim Fit Checked Shirt

id : 12118
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Rust Brown Kurtas

id : 12924
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Black Sandals

id : 15933
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Regent Polo Club Men Solid Blue Tshirt

id : 18610
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Training Graphic Black Tshirt

id : 17658
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : Beige
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Pumps Beige Heels

id : 10825
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Green Polo T-shirt

id : 10019
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Miler Ss White T-Shirts

id : 18274
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Niti Purple Kurta

id : 18046
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Wallets
articleType : Wallets
baseColour : Green
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Sequin Green Wallet

id : 17832
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Dunk High Navy Blue Casual Shoe

id : 19194
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Shirt

id : 15759
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Bicep Tee Red Innerwear Vest

id : 11903
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Brown Shoes

id : 13668
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Genesis Men Blue Square Shirt

id : 18280
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Ada Multi Kurta

id : 19352
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Lifestyle Black Casual Shoes

id : 16914
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Printed Blue Tshirt

id : 12588
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Unisex Printed Blue Tshirts

id : 19160
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Yellow
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Yellow T-shirt

id : 16128
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Women Blue TShirt

id : 13802
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Proline Mens Solid Grey Polo Tshirt

id : 11769
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Men Printed Grey Tshirts

id : 14029
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Track Pants
baseColour : Grey
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solid Grey Track Pants

id : 10489
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Midrise Blue Jeans

id : 14815
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Lavender
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Lavender Handbags

id : 15766
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Smart Charcoal Innerwear Vest

id : 10214
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Rubena Brown Handbags

id : 13491
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inkfruit Women Printed Purple Tshirts

id : 18079
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Crusoe Men Metro Black Brief

id : 12543
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Printed Pink T-shirt

id : 18845
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Print Red Tshirt

id : 17031
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Black
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Black Wave Flip Flops

id : 12771
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Chogun Aug Collt Pink Kurtas

id : 19399
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Solid Black Jersey

id : 17203
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : U.S. Polo Assn. Men Stripes Green Polo Tshirt

id : 15554
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Socks
articleType : Socks
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2014.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Fila Women Pack Of 3 White Socks

id : 14486
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Casual Beige Casual Shoes

id : 10026
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Women As Challenger Black T-Shirts

id : 17667
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Buckel Black Casual Shoe

id : 10442
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men HS True Blue Tshirts

id : 11590
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple Kurtas

id : 15302
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : Silver
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Adi Fiero Silver Sports Shoes

id : 10670
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Stop global warming Black Tshirts

id : 12127
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Solid Red Kurtas

id : 17455
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Casio Enticer Men Silver Analogue Watches (A168) MTP-1192A-1ADF

id : 13233
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Printed Orange Tshirts

id : 16741
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Blue
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Pearl Embroidery Blue Clutch

id : 17693
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Classic Slip-On Black Casual Shoes

id : 14016
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men Solid White Tshirts

id : 11564
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Purple  Kurtas

id : 10684
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Athlethic Blue Tshirts

id : 11756
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lee Women Solid White Tops

id : 15792
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Navy Blue Briefs

id : 14640
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men Authentic Check White Shirts

id : 11332
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13465
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Purple Polo T-shirts

id : 16117
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Sandal
articleType : Sandals
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Numero Uno Men Casual Black Slipper

id : 13657
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS White  Sports Shoe

id : 12785
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Checks Pink Shirts

id : 16325
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Purple TShirt

id : 11100
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Purple Shirts

id : 14812
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Solid Black Handbags

id : 16779
gender : Unisex
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Originals Unisex Black Dial Watch ADH2541

id : 13039
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Heels
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Inc 5 Women Casual White Flats

id : 17499
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Classic Polo Men Stripes Blue Polo T-Shirt

id : 19167
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Red Polo Tshirt

id : 16913
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Mr. Men Men Printed Grey Tshirt

id : 18889
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Arrow Woman Sylvia Blue Shirt

id : 14678
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Basics Men Red Slim Fit Shirt

id : 11904
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Formal Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Summer
year : 2012.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Franco Leone Men Formal Black Formal Shoes

id : 15598
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweatshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Casual Black Sweatshirts

id : 11138
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Black Watch

id : 18287
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Multi
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Avani Multi Kurta

id : 19355
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Blue
season : Summer
year : 2017.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Beyouty Women B01 Combo1 Fashion  Low-Rise Pack of 3 Breifs

id : 17835
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Flip Flops
articleType : Flip Flops
baseColour : Purple
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Women Solarsoft Thong Purple Slipper

id : 18041
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Maroon
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Lino Perros Women Solid Maroon Handbag

id : 19193
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Solid White Shirt

id : 17009
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Flats
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2012.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Rocia Women Black Ballerinas

id : 10822
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Wrangler Men Navy Blue Polo Tshirts

id : 18273
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aneri Women Niti Blue Kurta

id : 1811
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Solognac Men Orange T-shirt

id : 15108
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Maroon
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Stripes Maroon Tops

id : 15934
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Belts
articleType : Belts
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Turtle Men Leather Brown Belts

id : 18617
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Puma Men Team Essential White Tshirts

id : 12923
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : iD Men Casual Black Shoes

id : 13650
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS White  Snova Sequence 4M Sports Shoe

id : 12782
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Aug Bagru Red Kurtas

id : 16322
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Peter England Men Printed Orange TShirt

id : 11107
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Shirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Formal
productDisplayName : Indigo Nation Men Stripes Blue Shirt

id : 15795
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Briefs
baseColour : Charcoal
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Mid- Rise BF Charcoal Briefs

id : 14647
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Probase Men White Grafitti Orange Tshirts

id : 11335
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Washed Blue Jeans

id : 13462
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Men Stripes Green Tshirts

id : 19158
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors Of Benetton Men White T-shirt

id : 16110
gender : Men
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : M tv Men My Fab Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 10683
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Boy Athlethic Blue Tshirts

id : 13234
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Palm Tree Kids Boys Stripes Blue Tshirts

id : 16746
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Clutches
baseColour : Cream
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Spice Art Women Zircons Cream Clutch

id : 17694
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Navy Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Vans Men Authentic Navy Blue Casual Shoes

id : 14011
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Black
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Nike Men Printed Black Tshirts

id : 11563
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtas

id : 15305
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Sports Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : ADIDAS Men Aerostar White Sports Shoes

id : 10677
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tops
baseColour : Pink
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Doodle Girl Flap doodle angel Pink Tops

id : 12120
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Orange
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Aurelia Women Printed Orange Kurtas

id : 17452
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Watches
articleType : Watches
baseColour : White
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : CASIO Sheen Women White Dial Chronograph Watch SX007 SHN-5016D-7ADR

id : 18628
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Sweaters
baseColour : Brown
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Knitted Chocolate Brown Sweaters

id : 17660
gender : Women
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Catwalk Women Ballerina Brown Casual Shoe

id : 10445
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Jeans
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Midrise Blue Jeans

id : 11597
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Cream
season : Summer
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : W Women Printed Cream Kurtas

id : 12776
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Kurtas
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Ethnic
productDisplayName : Mother Earth Women Shilpis Collt Blue Kurtas

id : 17204
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Eyewear
articleType : Sunglasses
baseColour : Brown
season : Winter
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : United Colors of Benetton Women Funky Eyewear Brown Sunglasses

id : 14481
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : Beige
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Flying Machine Men Beige Casual Shoes

id : 10021
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Bottomwear
articleType : Shorts
baseColour : White
season : Spring
year : 2013.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Nike Men As Woven Shor White Shorts

id : 15761
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Innerwear
articleType : Innerwear Vests
baseColour : Green
season : Summer
year : 2016.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Facit Men Hunk Green Innerwear Vest

id : 10213
gender : Women
masterCategory : Accessories
subCategory : Bags
articleType : Handbags
baseColour : Black
season : Winter
year : 2015.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Murcia Women Hahk Black Handbags

id : 1644
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Red
season : Fall
year : 2010.0
usage : Sports
productDisplayName : Kipsta Men Loose Fit Round Neck Jersey Red

id : 13496
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Chimp Men Teja Main Hoon Blue Tshirts

id : 12544
gender : Women
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Peach
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Tantra Women Printed Peach T-shirt

id : 17036
gender : Men
masterCategory : Footwear
subCategory : Shoes
articleType : Casual Shoes
baseColour : White
season : Summer
year : 2013.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Gas Men Caddy Casual Shoe

id : 18842
gender : Men
masterCategory : Apparel
subCategory : Topwear
articleType : Tshirts
baseColour : Blue
season : Fall
year : 2011.0
usage : Casual
productDisplayName : Puma Men Graphic Stellar Blue Tshirt